Capricorn/Romance
will have some challenges in your relationships. You may feel that someone takes you for granted, particularly if he is an assertive, assertively-minded or assertiveness-driven man.
can’t come off like an insecure Narcissus because you really want to. But you do need to do a better job of representing yourself in a way that doesn‘t make people think you’re a total manipulator and a control freak.
can sense the potential for romance in the air, but you may need to work on your physical components. One of your instinctual drives is to surround yourself with people who are socially compatible. This is a big no-no for your new relationship partner.
have the potential to fall in love with someone, but can’t help yourself. Your relationship goals for this week and next are to find someone who can focus on you, and will help you better express yourself and get out of your comfort zone.
 are likely to have a difficult time sharing your feelings and emotions with the people you love. With all your materialistic possessions, you think you’ve accomplished so much, but, more often than not, relationships get off to a rocky start. You usually pick up most of the pieces when the relationship finally ends, leaving you to pick through the wreckage and try to put the story together, while at the same time you feel like you have no one to talk to.
are likely to have a difficult time sharing your feelings and emotions with the people you love. With all your materialistic possessions, you think you’ve accomplished so much, but, more often than not, relationships get off to a rocky start. 
usually pick up most of the pieces when the relationship finally ends, leaving you to pick through the wreckage and try to put the story together, while at the same time you feel like you have no one to talk to.
will be especially sensitive to the emotions of your mate. You can‘t help thinking about your partner”, and the rest of the way through you can feel your heart hammering away.
can be quite spontaneous, rather than waiting for fate to provide you with a certain love match. It would be a good idea to choose a new lover, and you'll be more likely to find the right person when you're not imposing too much on your other soulmates.
may experience a romantic partner for the first time in your life, when you meet someone you truly love. Feeling loved immediately is a sign of being very compatible with your partner; the feeling is the same one you feel when enveloped by a warm hug.
will probably want to enjoy a fancy dinner, an even fancier hotel, and a lovely view from your balcony. You should also try to take in the sights of New York City's Grand Central Terminal, which is now open to the public for the first time in 50 years.
have to keep your priorities straight. You're so focused on career and family that, in your view, you don't have enough time to have a relationship.
can be depended on to make even the smallest of love gestures into big ones. You will make an effort to be there for someone you care about and want to help.
can feel you have a very strong ego, but you are still a bit of a rebel and you get a lot of satisfaction from being stubborn. This makes you a great lover and a good friend, too.
may have increased interest in your partner. In fact, the chemistry between you is likely to be electric and passionate. What’s more, you‘re likely both to feel a strong sense of unity today.
will be very faithful to your partner. As a rule of thumb, you are attracted to people who are on the same page, especially if they are a romantic dream-girl. If your compatible partner has a similar sign, it will mean that your first relationship will also be a constant one.
and your sweetie are always in a great mood, and it's not just because of the lack of rain. Your love life is about to get a huge boost, thanks to an unexpected event. You'll be checking in at the finest hotels in the city where you'll meet your best friend.
will be more concerned with your friends' emotional state than with whether you are loved. That's because you're turning away from a relationship that's stalled, with both emotional and financial costs, and you don't know how to get things moving.
will marry preferably within the next two years. However, you may need to delay your marriage until your second child turns five.
will have a difficult time connecting with someone you can love. This makes it difficult to let go of the past, and it is also hard to open and share your heart with another person. You have to be strong and patient.

Capricorn/Career
are most suited to work in management. But you also have the ability to act as an assistant, or to help other people with the projects and duties that are yours. It seems to be a very valuable role for you, and you can cause a lot of trouble — if you've got the right skills.
are naturally drawn to leadership positions. So why not take over your workplace and make the world a better place? Here‘s how you can do it.
are likely to be busy at work and home, as well as on social media. You may also be quite busy in your personal life, and there is no doubt that social life is important for you.
will be more likely to be able to establish a close relationship with someone in your own age group, especially a man. It also says you’re likely more open to new information and will probably be interested in studying it as you become more well-positioned professionally.
will find it hard to land the high-paying clients in the coming year. In fact, you might find yourself juggling too many commitments! But don't worry, because you have one key advantage: a clear head.
often take the easy way out and compromise your values, beliefs and principles to get things done. You want to find the next best thing to make things work, but you are also likely to be a victim of your own success in that it is the only way you can get your needs met.
have a few big developmental tasks ahead of you. However, the astrology is only a guide to help you achieve your goals. So the first step to the right is to ask yourself a simple question: "What is the single most important reason for doing something?"
are in a period of reinvention, where you might be in one of the most important stages of your life. To get there you have to change things, and sometimes that means you need to make some drastic changes to the way you work.
are going to feel a lot of pressure to make something happen in your life - even if it's something as mundane as catching up on work.
are in an important phase of your life. You are taking a big step from your home planet, Uranus, to Pluto, the planet where your dreams come true. If you have a dream that fits with this phase, it may be the way to achieve it.
are on the wrong track and full of excuses, so fight back and set your sights on what you want, not what others want.
are famous for being unafraid to take chances and to get a little rough around the edges. You also like to rely on old friendships and work them to the end.
have a tendency to be a perfectionist. It also predicts that your work ethic impresses your boss. Be prepared to work harder.
will need to make an important choice about who you work with. You have a habit of being drawn to individuals who have the potential to challenge you.
may find it more difficult to reach your full potential. But it also hints that your “stuckness” is based on more than the things that will get in the way of achieving your goals. It’s also based upon the types of people you will meet on your path.
are facing a career shift that will test your ability to move up and down the career ladder.
may blossom into whatever you want in the workplace and in daily life. You are naturally inclined to nurture your personal relationships, and thus to look beyond material things and to enjoy life's simple pleasures.
are not destined for success in your chosen field but you can make good strides by a few self-beliefs and good communication. You can be a success by making the most of your strengths. This is your first of 12 chances for your life to get better from now on.
are likely to feel intense jealousy and envy in your day-to-day life. But this doesn‘t mean you have to let unrequited love blind you to the opportunities that will come your way. In fact, it might even help you take advantage of them.
are likely to choose a career that requires you to move toward your goals. The energy of the day is determined by your choice of career, and if you look into the future, you will find that your choices will indeed come to fruition.

Capricorn/Friends
may have difficulty opening up to others, making a friend, or forming a bond with someone you have known for a long time. Since you’re an outgoing person, this may manifest in your friendships today.
will have a much stronger “moral” relationship than a Sagittarius, and a stronger personal relationship with the opposite sex than someone in the Taurus sign.
will feel protected and get a boost from your supportive partner. However, you can improve your relationships and enjoy a more harmonious and relaxed relationship by making better choices. Read on for more about your daily horoscopes and how to improve them.
have the potential to open new doors that have never been opened before. You could be doing one thing today that can make your life better than ever. If you can do this, you will have created a wonderful opportunity for a new chapter of your lives.
are all about finding connections and sharing your life with others. When it comes to connections, you’re in a good place to find them in your professional life.
will support friends, show compassion towards people and families. You will take charge of your personal life. And these are all great things to have, except what to wear. It is difficult to make a suggestion to someone as stylish as you.
may be thinking that with the passage of time, you’ve had your moments of passion and love, and now you want the peace of not having to make the demands of the relationship, but the truth is that when the time comes, the passion will still be there.
have a strong sense of loyalty and that the depth of your connections means the world to you. You’ll need to work hard to make these bonds bloom, for instance, by taking on a new responsibility.
are likely to develop a deep and lasting relationship with the one person who's likely disappointing you most. In your Saturn-ruled relationship, this person is the very person you can't stand, someone who is likely the cause of your most painful and uncertain times.
are not sure why, but you know that your relationship will probably be difficult and that the two of you will never seem to get along.
might find it difficult to connect with others at this time. This may be why you’re not doing as much socializing as you should be. And it may also be due to rejection, when someone doesn‘t respond to you in the way that matches your ambition.
will have a host of friends and admirers, but your romantic horoscopes say that these might be functioning less well, and that your close relationships are at risk.
will be an excellent listener and will have a great time with your friends. Your relationship may be difficult, and you may feel the need to be assertive with some of your peers. In addition, you are prone to being easily offended.
are likely to be one of the first company executives to encounter a new, unusual, or potentially threatening situation. So you'll need to consider how you would go about meeting this challenge and whether you have the leadership qualities to help you adjust.
, with the rest of the group, will be hard pressed to keep up your end of a conversation. However, if you want to talk, the best way to do so is to find a place where others are present. Consider where you and your friends at work will meet to discuss work-related matters.
will be in a good place to be more generous with your time. But do you really have the time to contribute to the cause? Take a look at your horoscopes for February and January to see if you can make more of an impact today.
are likely to be slow to warm up to people and that your career may be a challenge at times. But you can be one of the most helpful and loving souls on the planet with the right attitude and a honest approach.
are torn, with your own desires fast becoming a powerful force in your life. This makes it hard for you to separate your needs from your desires, and it can create conflicts with people if you don't exercise your independence and self-sabotage on these times.
start to worry more about what other people think of you than you do about how you look. You may feel a bit self-conscious when talking to people, but you can work on overcoming
have a tendency to be a bit of a control freak. Your head may be in the clouds but your hands and feet are always on the ground. It's a good thing that Costa Rica is a "Happy Place" today. You're likely to have some fun but you'll also be taking it easy on yourself.

Capricorn/Finances
are running on empty. Your financial success is tied to your ability to run on RV, and it will not happen unless you add to the income. Many things are in place that will help you do that, from resources to investments.
might not be able to save for retirement or that unexpected expenses could be holding you back. However, it also says you are likely to be down for the count in the near future. Perhaps what you need is an extra helping hand.
might be tempted to make lots of money, but also to spend a whole lot of time in markets. You need to be careful, though, that the time you spend in the markets is not the same time that's spent counting the pennies.
have a good likelihood of making some good financial decisions in the coming months. I want you to take a look at your investments and see what you can do to improve your chances of being successful.
can make money. However, before you get there, you have to prove that the money you make does not just disappear down a hole. You still have some work to do. And I don't mean 1,000 steps. I mean like two whole cities or ten countries.
have a big conflict coming up! On the one hand, you are involved in a project that could be a major undertaking. On this project will be your passionate commitment to the environment. But you need to balance this passion with your other responsibilities and work commitments.
should feel cautious about investing in the stock market at this time. You need to wait until the planets are aligned correctly for you to be successful in investing.
are in a great position to make a lot of money using any or all of these ways to get ahead. Your financial good fortune stems from the fact that your zodiac sign is the one that's most compatible with your career.
have a wonderful opportunity to acquire great wealth. You have great health, and as a strong, direct-thinking person, you are likely to succeed in many endeavors. However, in order to do so, make sure that your character is as pure as the purest crystal.
are feeling stressed and anxious about money. Some days it can be overwhelming to try to balance life‘s bills and obligations with your resources, and you may be tempted to take on new responsibilities that empty your bank account.
have a strong sense of responsibility for your finances and that your more introverted and stable personality type needs to play a larger role in your personal and professional life.
are likely to make the most of your money, but that doesn‘t mean you want to hurry things along. Today’s financial forecast suggests that Mercury retrograde has given you some good news but a few challenges, too, such as getting your car repaired.
are off to a strong start, but with a bit of caution. This means that your income and spending will be higher than usual – and you will have to work hard to increase them. With this in mind, you can invest the extra income to continue to build your nest.
are a power animal. You can really get things done. But you also like the idea of a plan. Today’s chart also indicates that the earth‘s energy is strong today, and like so many power animals you like to be a big part of the “power”.
will be especially prone to being fascinated by career opportunities and to turning to a career advisor when considering a new profession or career choice. Fortunately, there are several ways to make career choices that will make you happy and successful.
can capitalize on your strengths and minimize your weaknesses to take advantage of career options that offer the best combination of opportunities for personal growth and the fulfillment of your career ambitions.
have a lot of "feelings" and not much "doing." Even your "hands-on" style of handling finances can be quite different from the way you do it. For example, if you're a manager, you may be working from a "fiscal point of view" rather than an "accounting point."18
should be cautious about buying a first home. As traditional astrologer James Lim says, "The stars are not too kind to people buying new houses. They have a vested interest in your having the security of a home in the first place."
will experience a great deal of freedom and are likely to feel financially confident. However, you also have a degree of fear and a tendency to use money for short-term financial gains. This could become a problem if you use your money to fund an expensive purchase.
are likely to get paid late. But we also know that if you do turn out to be overpaid, you won't suffer any financial or career setback. This is because, as a brilliant mathematician once said, "a sure thing is worth a million dollars."

Capricorn/Lifestyle
have a strong desire for a secure and stable relationship. Yet, a desire that is satiated will drive you to do the wrong things. Lovesickness will cause your potentially healthy relationship to crumble. You may become a gossip or snitch.
will find it easy to give. Life is often full of difficulties, but when you can find the strength to let go, the results can be amazing.
can be so positive and upbeat - regardless of the circumstances around you - you may feel that everything is possible. A Cap on your transits is your best venture into the day ahead.
are likely to be a very social person. You’ll enjoy making new friends, especially when you share different interests.
are a “business minded” person and that this position make you a natural born leader. Your career aspirations are also a must for you as you have to aim for an upwardly mobile professional life.
should try to take control of your work and career. This is a crucial step in your career journey. First, one must define one’s career goal and then take the necessary steps to achieve them.
are a hard worker with a strong work ethic. This means that your ability to be a good team player is very important to you. You‘re also someone who likes to hang out with other people, so you want to make the most of your friendships.
are a nest-builder. Getting into the habit of nesting means that the trouble spots in your life -- whether it's a broken relationship, a bad breakup, or an angry ex — are because you haven't been nesting.
want to commit to something serious and you aren't afraid to step away from everything for a while. You're not naive enough to think that everyone will always have your back and that, eventually, life will get back on track.
will be the master of your moods. You have a good sense of humour that is particular to your sign, and you are self-assured when faced with conflict. On the other hand, you can be excessively serious and self critical.
have a tendency to obsess over details. For example, you are far more focused on the details of a low-key event than on a high-profile one. You can probably relate!
are a highly social person, but focused on one thing – your career! With your temper and work ethic, you may need a partner that can support you and help you accomplish your dreams.
are likely to find people who are stuck in an old pattern of doing something that they don't like. They may try to get you to do things they want you not to, and they may make a big show of it.
are a bit of a total babe. Everyone says so and we all want to be just like you. But you have your own way of showing your charm, and that is by putting your big boy pants on just right.
may need to take a brief break from settling down and starting new relationships that may be risky and unfulfilling. Your horoscopes will show you the best people to talk to and the way you should socialize.
may be a little too ambitious. You may try to do too much, and make mistakes along the way. That’s not always a bad thing, but if you‘re more likely to be rather than a doer, you know that there are other aspects of your life that need your attention.
are more likely to have feelings of anxiety and worry than of sadness, which is why I‘d suggest that as soon as you can, you fill your schedule with things that give you a feeling of ‘good”.
should follow your gut instincts to the letter and heed the cliched advice of your elders. Foreseeing what your DNA makes you give is a key to your success in the love department.
are a workaholic, a perfectionist, and a diligent worker, but it doesn't tell you what to do if you get bored. The stars also say that—according to recent polls—you're the best candidate in the world to be Secretary of State.
are likely to be busy this week – sailing and relaxing on the beaches, traveling and enjoying the local culture, falling in love and getting married, and just relaxing and taking some time for yourself.