Aquarius/Romance
have the potential to make significant progress, and that this progress will have a big effect on your love life.
have an extremely sensitive heart. That means that if you take world-class risks in love, you can often find yourself in a relationship that lasts far longer than expected.
are better off as friends than lovers. Still, there are people out there, ready to use your love for gain. And you may find that, for the most part, it‘s not worth the effort.
have a tendency to overthink. You are a classic indecisive person. While that may be fine with you, you are also inclined to procrastinate. Maybe you should be more decisive rather than overthinking.
are in a love relationship and that your relationship is not yet fixed. That’s about as comforting as a diagnosis of terminal cancer. A love diagnosis that is never made is more comforting than a permanent implant.
can‘t fix things, but you can try to change things. And if you”ll find that the change will have little effect, simply hang on. Sometimes it takes a while of hanging on to get things right. But you will get there.
will be tempted to find a good enough reason to make a change. Perhaps you've taken on too much, as you should, or maybe your partner is showing signs of dissatisfaction, but you need to look at the bigger picture. It‘s time for a fresh start.
will find love in the form of a soul mate, someone who is both loving and beautiful. Many people can’t imagine that someone else would love them the way that they do, and that‘s why they”re looking for a match for their perfect soulmate.
may have a difficult time falling in love, but that doesn't mean you'll suddenly fall in or even stay in a relationship. If you're expecting a new partner, you can still enjoy your current partner's strengths and get to know your new one.
will feel your love and passion for your partner. An earth sign, you love deeply and are very sensitive to the feelings of your beloved. You are naturally attracted to honest, reliable, and faithful partners.
will enjoy an extra-special night, because you’ll be with someone you love and admire. And as a Capricorn, you can expect a dull and lackluster night of romance, as you have a long-standing relationship with the wrong person.
are feeling the emotional pull of both your romantic and family relationships. Your strong feelings for your partner are likely to show even in the face of disagreement, since Aquarians have a long history of in-tandem relationship.
are hoping to meet someone with similar values to yourself. But first, you need to know where you stand.
can form an affectionate, liberal, and open relationship. That's the type of relationship you want. The type you deserve. This type shows you a likely path for a happy romantic partnership.
will be having"excellent"sex this weekend. In fact, it says the same for Friday-Sunday, which means you've got sex on the brain. The only trouble is, this time it's not with the person you're supposed to be with, but with one of your own romantic partners.
need to be careful not to get carried away in your love affair, which could lead to a breakup. Perhaps you’ve been in a long term relationship, but because of your relationship and life circumstances, you have been looking for something.
are in a good place, but you've got one thing swiping in your direction. You feel deeply attracted to someone whose list of friends is long, even as you know you can't have him. To help unblock that romance, go ahead and contact him and tell him what's on your mind.
will definitely meet someone special for a relationship that will change the course of your life. A new relationship will come from all the right places, which includes all of the people you knew in the past.
will be very emotionally powerful and yet you may lack the self-confidence to take yourself seriously. This is a mixed message to receive, and you do not need to reject this message, or give it a negative interpretation, in order to develop your self image.
could have a love affair with someone at any moment. The only thing I can think of is with your husband. I do believe this is your sign where the same thing can happen, so, next time you have an affair, you won't be surprised at all.

Aquarius/Career
are a practical, ambitious and confident creative soul, who not only is likely to win the race to succeed, but also to make lots of friends, no matter where you go. Nevertheless, you might experience a bit of frustration as you try to impress your bosses and colleagues.
will be a successful professional. How much will you learn today? How will your boss react to your ideas? You have a lot to offer your employer and you can do so by presenting a compelling case.
are a team player. You especially like to create team spirit and want your colleagues to feel that everyone is working together for the greater good.
are open to new opportunities. This means that at work you will be taking on new challenges, skills and experience. In other words, you have the chance to look at your life with fresh eyes.
may need to work harder to get ahead in the corporate world. And while you need a first-class education, you also seem to have more stamina and commitment than the British and Americans do. You may even find that your drive is more assertive than theirs.
may get caught up in other people’s conversations and lose your place in the moment. However, if you listen to your inner compass, you‘ll know that, in fact, these are two of the most important things you can do to mold your future.
are fast-moving. It's important to focus on making strides in your life, especially now that your time is slipping away. There will be lots of opportunities out there for you to make something out of yourself.
are already very close to becoming an executive. Your career future earns it, as well. If you know and ask good questions, settle for a career that will lead to executive positions.
are at a significant career and personal turning point. On a personal level, things are moving very quickly, meaning that your journey is evolving rapidly and you need to make decisions rapidly, and it is likely that some of those decisions could be uncomfortable.
may find yourself struggling to stay focused, but now is the time to take some big steps to your next career goal, and get things moving in a new direction. You don't have to leave your job to get where you want to go.
will have an excellent time in your relationships. This is reflected in the way you interact with your coworkers, friends and family. You will undoubtedly enjoy this and will be able to hold up your end of the bargain.
have natural talent for writing and your intuition is speaking to you. It feels like all the ideas you have are waiting to be written!
like challenges but don’t like a lot of ambiguity. But can you handle the pressure of a promotion test or the disappointment when you don't get that job?
are often amazed at how much you learn in a day and how deep you absorb the lessons. You tend to be very intuitive and receptive to new ideas.
might be a little stressed out about what comes next. Your career life is going to be all about using your gifts and making a difference. You the girl who's always making the world a better place, always trying to make a real difference in the lives of others?
have an opportunity to gain a reputation for generosity, which will help you in career relationships. This forward thinking attitude will be useful in helping you develop your reputation and, consequently, in future career opportunities.
have the ability to ‘connect’ with other people. You have a career-minded temperament and are not shy about expressing your opinions. Your ’sophistication‘ is good for making new connections.
will be very busy. This is a good thing as you are very much needed in your profession or business. The horoscopes said that there will major events in the future of your life. There will also be a need to keep your audience very interested.
have a strong ability to get along with people. You may also be determined, sensible, well meaning, and stable. If you feel that your working methods have become increasingly personal over the past few months, it is worth considering that this may be a sign.
will start your year a little like a rookie on the football field. The first day of the year is the most turbulent and exciting one, and you’re likely to feel a lot less confident after that.

Aquarius/Friends
need to lend a helping hand to a friend or two, and hold them close. That seems like a good time to remind everyone concerned that today’s birth charts are for entertainment purposes only, a gentle reminder that there‘s no such thing as magic.
are likely to be drawn to someone who is ambitious and talented. As an artist, you may find a kindred spirit in someone like John Waterhouse, the artist and designer whose objects have been exhibited in many museums worldwide.
may not be very accepting of new people or experiences. Your Aquarian intuition may be too open and too freewheeling for you to handle new situations. You may find that getting along with someone or something is much more difficult than you expect.
give and receive a lot of love, so it would be good if you could put that into practice. But first you need to play the very first tune in the Rainbow Serenade. It's called I Believe.
are much more sensual than usual, and socializing with your friends and loved ones seems to be what you really enjoy more than anything else. However, today you have to admit that there are times when you can act like a real party pooper.
could turn to an easier friendship, especially if you're at a loss. Fire might be your best friend. If you do need to grow closer, today's birthday card jokingly suggests that it might have to do with an exciting new job.
may feel a little lonely, but you are actually going to get some updates from your friends. You are going through a rough time, and you cannot really blame them for being standoffish, right?
want to find a way to deal with your envy. This instinct is a tendency you’ve been developing since childhood, but it‘s taken on a life of its own in your twenties. You’re not only able to express your dislike of someone you look up to.
have much in common with a friend or loved one who is unable to make a commitment due to difficulties or obstacles. Unfortunately for your friend, however, this situation has been called into question by a recent event.
may experience more openness and emotional openness. You certainly seem to be feeling more comfortable with yourself and others. Your communication skills are developing and you show great sensitivity in communicating your thoughts and feelings.
may find it difficult to intervene in an argument, but it is important to listen to others when they are trying to communicate. If you can sit quiet and listen without taking sides, you will be able to understand more about what is being said.
can bring happiness, security and a compliment to your closest friends and family. This will be a great day for you to meet interesting new people. The good news is that there are many opportunities for friendship today.
could be drawn to someone who is a bit difficult to be around, but you do really love spending time with, so you're in a good place. Since your relationship with your mother is pretty solid, you have two good options here.
will have people you can trust. If you are feeling down or anxious, you need to surround yourself with people who can lift your spirits. You can also try to set up a time with a trusted friend or family member that will help you to get control of your emotions.
will have a lot of fun. What fun! Admit it, you just want to hang out with your best friend. And it’s good that the next million-dollar company you‘re going to open is going out to make you your own bestie.
are looking to expand your circle of friendship. You feel you need to help keep people in your life who are also looking for their best. Your horoscopes that says you will need some space for an extended stay in a new place that is home to a large group of friends.
will be happy. The chart also says you’ll probably be able to meet some really great people. With that in mind, what dreams are you having for your near and dear?
will make new friends, meet new interests, and find out who you really are. Your love life is also going to be strong today. It's a good day for achieving your highest potential in anything you do, whether it's career, community service, or personal growth.
will find it easier to make new friends if you remain in touch with old ones. Friends who can support you in your everyday life, not just at social occasions. And most important of all, those who really want to help you become the best you.
are in a giving mood. While the people around you may not be giving anything back to you, you should be open to receiving more from them.

Aquarius/Finances
have a tendency towards perfectionism. But don't worry, you'll get the hang of it soon enough. In fact, the more the merrier.
are ready for a new job, career or business, and you could be happy for it. The horoscopes for you, however, say that your nearest future income will be decreased by a third.
can get some things done on time — on the weekend, even — but you'll find that getting by on very little sleep is just as difficult as you're used to. When you feel like you've got nothing to show, it's time to use the steps above to get your priorities in order.
will be able to save more money than you can spend, so focus on financial planning instead of just spending more.
may feel out of balance. You may also find it challenging to decide how to spend your money. But you have the good sense to know that the best way to enjoy both the positive and the negative aspects of your life is to get what you think you want.
need to plan ahead. You have a lot of fun in your life but have also learned to be cautious. Your astrology is showing that your next move will reflect the urgency of your activities. Today, you will find that there are many opportunities for you in the way you are acting.
need to be more cautious in the way you spend money. When you’re as extravagant as you can be, it means you don‘t have the financial resources to handle problems when they come along.
are about to have the most wonderful time of your life. But it‘s only part of the fun. Expect to also revel in the joys of travel, experiences you never dreamed of, and a great many wonderful new friends.
are both excited and uncertain about starting a new career. You're excited about the new-found job and you want to get started. But you also want more information about your new job.
are good at making money and that there is a lot of money available for you today. The 30 day forecast shows you having a great month ahead.
will, for sure, be in a hurry for the end of this month. But if you have a long run ahead or the opportunity to make some money, you may want to hold off on the hustle for a while.
will be looking to set up some business ventures quickly to support your future and chances are that‘s what you should be doing.
like to make an impact. And you are reaching out to the world in a big way. You are determined to see your dreams come true. Maybe you have been putting it off for a while and that's why you need to get in touch with your inner self and ask for assistance.
have an inclination towards money. However, what exclusive period of the year does your desire express itself? What is your natural tendency to do?
will have a lot to gain by starting a business and that your career will likely take off when you finally reach your goals and then even more once you have them.
earn most of your income from doing certain types of work. Your jobs involves expressing yourself, creative work and possibly making money. It also involves collaboration and being creative with others.
may be in the market to make a deposit like no other. You’ll be considering new investments, shopping for a new car or even starting a business. Almost everything else in your life has either taken a backseat or fallen by the wayside.
need to make sure that your budgeting is on point. Not only is it wise, but it also means that the fact that we’re in a recession doesn‘t have to change the way we budget. So this month, you“re going to need some additional money to get on track.
are less likely to take out a loan and more likely than other Sun signs to be in debt. You are also more humourless, preferring to seek out the company of others rather than being around those who are too serious.
should be financially frugal. This means you shouldn’t spend money that would create a mess or that is just usually stashed away.

Aquarius/Lifestyle
can't help but feel a little self-conscious when you're out in public. It's easy to get nervous at a restaurant, a bank, or even the grocery store when people stare at you. You might even forget how to talk to people, and that's not a good thing.
are open-minded and independent, and it's true. You've created your own life, you don't have to conform to the old ways and you can make your decisions based on what's best for you. Your destiny is ahead of you and there's no need to be afraid of it.
will experience periods of intense zest and enthusiasm, but you'll also find yourself wanting to avoid trouble. You'll need to be more careful about who you spend time with, update your communications, and get your finances in order.
are feeling a little overwhelmed, but you also have a lot of energy and enthusiasm. You may also feel a strong sense of purpose, which is wonderful. However, as an Earth sign, you tend to see things from a very practical and down-to-earth perspective.
are happiest when you talk to people, connect with others, and can get plenty of work done. You‘re a generous, fun, occasionally slightly excessive giver, loving companion and amazing motivator. You enjoy creativeness and creativity, which make you a great writer or artist.
probably have a tendency to focus on what you want rather than what benefits you. This is a good thing in many regards. But it's also a big mistake to rely on your horoscopes to tell you what to do. Instead, indulge in the wisdom of those who've done the work.
find yourself in an odd balance. Aquarians are naturally driven, but now you have to use the estuary as both your north and south. You need to define boundaries, and define them well.
may become more socially active. If you follow this, you’ll need to be ready to meet more people, and you might need a little help from a friend. It‘s going to take time, but you can give yourself some credit as you start to become an active participant.
should clean up your act. Your mind is restless, as you have to deal with issues that won’t go away. You feel a little limited in your expression and are a bit judgmental. If your partner is afraid of some things, it is a good thing.
might feel "anxious" (or "overwhelmed") and "angry" – you're likely to feel jealous of your friends, and to find yourself "strung out on drugs".
might find that "the people around you are very interesting and seem to like you very much, but they can be very pretentious; feel free to dump them". If you have a person you want to get to know better, then you'll probably find them very demanding and a little rude.
are very accommodating, and would probably feel more comfortable showing your true self to total strangers than trying to maintain a pleasant public persona. The traditional goals of your astrological chart are to open up and express yourself.
are likely to be more socially involved, especially with people in your family, friends or professional circles. While you may not be out and about as much as you once were, you’re still aware of what‘s going on in the world and may have discussions with friends.
tend to be a bit less ambitious as a person. But this may be exactly what your life looks like at this time in your career. In your work life, you’re probably going to make a lot more mistakes than you would like to admit.
may be tricked into losing your temper. No matter how serious the situation, you have the power to back down if you’re not in an emotional or physical state to deal with it. You can‘t be upset at someone for being slow or taking too long to do something.
may be more susceptible to the feelings of envy and jealousy. In fact, you are likely to experience a level of discord that could involve not only enemies but also family members.
are delaying the need for personal security, but at the same time you have to face the facts. Your finances are not extending to the level they used to. You have not been financially stable, and you need to change this.
will have a lot of fun in the coming months, but also that work – including social or professional activities – could prove difficult for you.
will likely be the recipient of a bunch of money. What will that money be used for?
are likely to make the best use of your time. You've got a lot to do, so don't waste any time with small talk.