Pisces/Romance
will never get your partner to do what you want. You‘ve always been able to out-think and outplay your sexual partners, but you won”t be able do it today. It’ll take just a little more persuasion this time.
are just beginning to cement your partnership. You were both newly engaged; you recently took a great trip; and the future of your relationship seems bright. On the surface, that seems like the perfect situation for a Piscean soul mate to find.
are ready to fall in love, but you'll need to be patient. If you've been in a long-distance relationship for at least a year, you should have just realized you are in the last stage of a relationship.
will be involved in a lot of nice things with someone you love and want to spend the rest of your life with. But there‘s a catch: the person you want that to be together with you is not someone who “sees you as a God-given partner.”
could be starting a new love relationship. Pisceans are very romantic, and it is probably time to rekindle your love. It must be said that Piscean relationships are far from easy.
may be tempted to become a relationship guru. You are also likely to experience anger, jealousy and frustration. Your horoscopes suggests that your health might be affected, leading to a lack of energy.
might have trouble falling in love again. This is a great month for beginnings, and it is also a good month to start something. But you will need to fulfill your duty to hold things together, so you can start a project you've planned.
are likely to be in a relationship that‘s more for you than for him. Pisceans tend to fall in love with people they”re attracted to, not necessarily for the qualities or choices they have.
are “more likely to get lost”. But it also says you will be ‘more confident’ and ’more aware of your feelings‘ and that ”you will probably like to take charge“ of the relationship.‍
will likely be more affected by a break-up than by an engagement. So, when you hear the words “engagement,” think of a statistic, not a personal tragedy. A good rule of thumb is to be honest about your romantic history.
may be attracted to someone with physical and mental challenges. Pisceans nurture their creative side and tend to be more imaginative than most. You may also be drawn to an intelligent and intuitive person who can offer support in your personal life and career.
 should be more intimate with your partner to get more out of your next relationship. he/she/they did me the favor of naming you the "Cupid." If he or she means this as a compliment, you can easily respond with something like: Thank you.
and your beloved are in a deeply passionate relationship that is dominating your thoughts and feelings. This can be a mix of exhilarating and overwhelming feelings, as your connection and the depth of your relationship is becoming very involved.
will have to wait a bit longer before you find a mate. Now that this Piscean year has also brought about the right amount of drama in your personal life, it's time to make some time for you and see if anyone is out there for a real relationship.
and your partner are “bound by your habits.” In the past few weeks, you have been together for half a decade, but you still have ‘date night’ every other Friday and all-you-can-eat buffets on weekends. You don‘t have any particular friends.
are flexible and easy to please. This is a good time to put your mind at ease and to communicate your needs and wants clearly.
will be in a passionate relationship as you are in love with your own reflection. Those who love themselves most are often in relationships that they share love, devotion, and intimacy. When you love yourself you automatically find someone to love you.
will be drawn to more psychological, analytical types, and reluctantly drawn toward people who make you laugh. You‘d be surprised how many of your friends are either of the two.
have a lot of free time on your hands and the added bonus is that it seems to be very compatible with your aura. But in order to make the most of it, you need to learn to cultivate a strong feeling of romance in your heart. How?
meet someone special who makes you swoon, and you're all set to take full advantage of that. But before you open your love letter to that special someone, or to someone you haven't met yet, you should know the difference between advice and entertainment.

Pisces/Career
may experience a very rapid growth in your income and career. You’re ready to go after what you want right now. There are many ways that this can happen, but for Pisceans, it‘s usually through a series of big, major successes.
will have lots of opportunities to earn more money. That’s good news, but you‘ll need to stand out from the pack. Pisceans get a bad rap these days, mainly because of society’s need for acceptance.
tend to be drawn to older, established people. But this isn't entirely illogical, since you've inherited your genius and your drive from your Leo mother, and you know that those maternal instincts are very deep.
will have the opportunity to do even more good in the world. It also says you can use the skills you acquire in your work to build your community and perhaps become the community hero that the people you work with have been longing for.
are following a pattern of career success that's built on repetition and practice. Piscean success comes through long and steady growth. This is the pattern that makes you successful at your job and at life.
should take a step back and look at the big picture. First, look closely at your job. If you have a job that requires no experience—or if you just need to beef up your resume — try something new. You've probably heard before.
might get a promotion. But if you're not sure if that's your due for the day, you can look at the natal chart to get an objective view of your future.
want to deepen your relationships with other people. On your list of goals in life, this is a no-brainer. But, as a Piscean, pull up your socks and make it happen. If you are not living your life to get the most out of it, you will be miserable.
are most likely to be hardheaded, and so you'd be well advised to take your time in making important career decisions. This is a positive sign for you. You have a strong instinctive compass, which you can use to get things done.
most likely will work longer hours than in the past. In fact, you are likely to work for longer than you have in your entire life, if you work to the best of your ability.
are likely to have one of the most fulfilling and influential careers of your life. However, you might not be able to leave your job yet, so I‘ve included a free horoscopes horse-racing tips to make it easier for you to take the plunge.
are likely to put up with a lot of disorganisation while at work. This is a good sign, because your Piscean temperament is such that for you to be the best manager you have to live on the edge of chaos.
will be more inclined toward feeling pressure and a need for independence in your life. You will work well under pressure at work. Piscean success is about achieving a high level of achievement with little personal reward.
will be very busy, and that there will likely be lots of travel and networking. If you find yourself feeling stressed or overwhelmed in your current career project, consider asking someone to get you out of your comfort zone.
can look ahead to something exciting (for example, a new job!). But it pays to look back, too. If you’re like me, you sometimes find yourself feeling a bit lost in the sea of career options that are out there.
may already have a job, but in a different field and working for a company that is not the one you wanted. Your career path is still open for possibilities, and you can take steps to follow your bliss.
are very open to new ideas and opportunities. You are also very restless. The astrology reading says you love a challenge. Your career best: strategic planning. And there is great promise for success.
need to find more time to recharge. Pisceans tend to work long hours, but it’s important to allow your brain a little time for solitude and reflection before you enter another work environment.
have the energy to assert yourself and to negotiate a career. You may want to pursue your passion, try something new, or make a resolution to take two steps forward and one step back.
are going to have a great career year. However, Pisceans know that great careers come into being only in pairs. Try to avoid pairing your life with someone who challenges you.

Pisces/Friends
could develop an unhealthy obsession with a friend or a new love interest. It says you will be more likely to be easily hurt than to hurt others, so you may respond to someone with anger instead of compassion.
could easily fall into the trap of being too supportive, especially if you have a tendency to protect others and avoid their point of view. The relationship may not be healthy, but you should avoid explosive eruptions.
can afford to be candid, honest and truthful, but it also tells you that it is better to ignore your instincts’ reactions and resist them.
should be wary of trusting people. “Your final date and first kiss should go well, but if you have been friends for awhile, too many people in your life could be a drawback.
don't want to have many friends. But your horoscopes that I have seen in the past have said exactly the opposite. That's when I realized that Pisceans are very intense, and we don’t have the time for close friends because we‘re always working.
a’re helping to bring more joy and happiness to your friends and family. You're a great communicator, and with this, you have the potential to help both your inner and outer worlds.
have a very strong foundation with your friends and a good relationship with them. You have excellent communication skills, you understand people very well and you easily make friends. Friendship horoscopes show that your companions have very high expectations of you.
are likely to encounter a lot of tough love from your friends, and this may last for several months. To your favorite friends you owe your best wishes for a great year ahead, but to your enemies, you may be a very difficult person to deal with.
are friendly with someone very special. You might feel a bit closer to this person now than you have in years, and this might be true.
tend to be a bit of a snob. A little snobby word-of-mouth can make or break a friendship. With a few things, you can easily have a “friend” or ‘’frienemy“, an ”ally,‘ or even lovers‚ feud.
are like a flower in a garden, needing to be tended and loved. You need to feel safe and protected from the elements, and from those who want to harm you.
are looking to build healthy connections with others. You want to make the most of these connections without being too dependent on them.
have a nagging feeling that something doesn't quite work properly with the group, but you are determined to keep on trying.
will be drawn to someone you like very much, but you may find it difficult to make a move. If you decide to ask someone out, the incoming interaction does not seem to be all that smooth. There are no obstacles that stand in your way.
would like to establish a close relationship with someone who you trust. But you don‘t want to overdo it, and you know that your risk of falling for a potential suitor is pretty high.
are in a relationship with a person or group of people who, for most of you, are not really real. They’re the ones who don‘t have time for you and don't have a good grasp on your needs. You’re stuck in an unhappy situation.
are a go-getter. This means you like to make decisions and figure things out, unlike others. You like new experiences and will try new things. Your energy is extreme positive, and you put the safety of those around you first.
are a bit of a loner, with a tendency to withdraw and not to be as outgoing as other people. However, you would still be able to have a meaningful relationship with someone.
are in a relationship with a person or group of people who, for most of you, are not really real. They’re the ones who don‘t have time for you and don't have a good grasp on your needs.
are stuck in an unhappy situation and the only way you”re going to get out of it is to make your circumstances better. So what do you do?

Pisces/Finances
will be in a “unique” phase of your life and that your career is likely to be very different from your past. The Piscean energy of the day is all about your unique personal style and your ability to express your desires in the world.
will have more strength in the money matters of the present - and less to pay your bills and get through your day - than weakness.
may be more susceptible to emotional well-being issues, but that it will still be a good week. You are also likely to be on the lookout for budding opportunities, so be observant and you should find a way to profit from your opportunity.
are typically very lucky with money and that your saving is usually fairly high. It is really a lucky day to be here.
are likely to experience some negative emotions, and that if you have not already, you want to work on your emotional awareness.
should try and qualify for a mortgage before the end of the month, but there are many obstacles that are keeping you from doing so. Don’t worry. You aren‘t alone.
want to be rich, but you're really not. You want your money to let you do things that make you feel rich. That means you've got good reason to worry, because your finances aren't giving you any reason for happiness.
are vulnerable to financial disaster. You have low tolerance for risk, so you seek security and stability. Because of your enthusiasm and your optimism, you tend to react negatively to signs of financial trouble.
are not exactly focusing on money as much as you had hoped. Instead, you spend your time writing poems or, more likely, drawing. Your horoscopes might not be entirely wrong — the principle behind your finances is that money can bring you as close to perfect as possible.
will be very interested in finding solutions to financial problems. This means you want to discuss your problems with others and work out solutions together.
are going to be much more generous with money than in the past. I believe the main reason for this is that an ever increasing number of people out there are interested in working with us, and the more that we can reach, the better.
will have a major financial decision to make in the next few days. That is something to think about. What will it be?
need to be prepared financially for the unexpected. You need money, but not too much. Money is a very powerful tool, and at times, it can cover up problems and prevent you from growing.
are likely to be intuitively drawn to the arts, music, and writing. And as you expand yourself in these areas, you may find that your attention span shrinks. So the best way to incorporate arts education and activities into your life is to take a class.
have a lot on your mind. This is a challenging time to make major decisions about money. You will be juggling a huge number of financial decisions, so let’s break everything down and focus on the decisions you need to focus your attention on.
have a lot of love and things to give. You may be very generous with money, but you are also overly generous in other areas. Don’t let this happen: you‘re not destined to be a miser.
are having a bad time of it: You don‘t have a job and you haven’t missed a mortgage payment in at least five years. And you need to get a better credit score.
are on the fast-track to a major financial success — a new house, a more luxurious car, better health, and so on, all without any effort.
are tightly wound and ruled by your emotions. You are likely feeling regret because your parents didn’t invest your money well. But as you look at your options, you may be feeling angry because of your relatives‘ failure to become more prosperous.
might have a rocky start to your day. This means that today, you need to be more susceptible to financial surprises than the average Piscean. If you find yourself unprepared for today's financial events, do not try to change your luck.

Pisces/Lifestyle
have a knack for making others feel more comfortable around you. And what better way to do that than by telling funny stories, which will help people relax and let go of their tension.
would like to travel in Mother Earth’s company this weekend. However, you need to be careful to avoid big crowds and any activities that would make you uncomfortable while in nature. Pisceans have a natural affinity for the outdoors, and that could get you hurt.
will have to adopt a less stressful, more relaxing philosophy of life. If you are feeling stressed, you might find it easier to relax by getting a massage or taking a good long cool walk, for example.
will have to be especially careful not to use your energy in the wrong way. It’s a good time to learn how to re-channel and calm your emotions. You‘ll feel challenged to repress your feelings, but perhaps even more challenging to let go of negative habits.
won’t allow any kind of new experience to damage your hard-won wisdom. This is a great principle to live by if you‘re a Piscean.
have a strong sense of personal power. You have the ability to overcome obstacles with great success. This is a good time to speak your truth. Take action. If you can’t speak, write a journal. Burn some paper. And speak.
are going to be feeling a little bit restless, a bit bored, and a lot of lovey-dovey. Not to mention any of your other Piscean indicators like extroverted, intense focus, affectionate, or the list goes on and on.
are a sensitive, intuitive person. You feel at times that life is too full of uncertainty; you need to feel more stability and consistency in your life.
will feel the pull to become more assertive and you’ll challenge yourself to be your most compassionate self. You‘ll find it hard to fit in and even harder to let go of your comfort zone.
are moody and feel a lack of spontaneity. This is a problem when you have your heart set on something and are unable to see how it might work out for you. You are doing well because you trust your senses and do not necessarily have to think too much about your plans.
may not be very good at taking risks. Yet, because you have an emotional core that's drawn your entire life to the Piscean shores of adventure and passion, you know how to seize opportunities that others may miss or eliminate.
have a year ahead of you to make important changes in your life. With the matches that are available now, you can choose the one that gives you the best results for your future.
will be motivated to do a lot of things and that there will probably be a whirlwind of new opportunities. This business-focused attitude is good, but you have to be careful not to get too far ahead of yourself.
may become very conflicted about some of your decisions. You might feel guilty for doing things that seem wrong to you.
may not get up in the morning and start your day. You may be feeling sluggish, and your body may feel disconnected from your spirit.
are likely to experience an unexpected lack of control and finally reach your breaking point. Your luck or bad luck could suddenly change, and you'll find yourself in a new situation that's out of your control. Maybe you get caught in an argument with your partner about money.
may face challenges in your relationships, family, and career. You may find that your emotions and outlook on life are all over the place—no, not every day, but often. The ups and downs of the news cycle can be stressful. It will be up to you to manage the tension.
are ready to embrace physical risks in your quest to get your life on track. So, you may be in for some fun times along the way.
will be able to do more with less. Think about the many things you could do if you focused on the things that matter to you and focused less on what you don't want. Piscean values are all about moderation and balance in your life.
may be more moody than usual. That's because you're either working through a difficult time or you'll soon get some good news.