Taurus/Romance
are open to new possibilities. You have decided to come to terms with the most unbreakable person in the world. And you will like to take advantage of the moment.
respect your own needs, even at the expense of your partner's needs.
will have problems with commitment. Your partner may not be willing to do what needs to be done. Your love life and your life in general will take a back seat to your career.
can be mindful of your actions, but you can also accept selfish behavior: "A person's self-centered actions can only end in crushing heartache."
will likely challenge yourself in the following ways: Make a grand entrance: You will need to move forward with your life, and you'll need a new look, but you're ready to do so.
are likely to have a strange day. If you're looking to spice up your relationships, make sure you get the DNA sample from your lover before you ask her out.
live in passionate love, but you may feel a bit of a rut. This is quite normal and is a sign of fulfilling your deepest aspirations as you give your all to being in love.
can be lonely or have a good relationship at one time, or perhaps both. But if you are single, the more you spend time alone the less likely you'll be happy. It's all connected.
may have trouble keeping your mind on your date. In other words, you may be a little distracted today. You may also have a bad day at the office. Or you could be on the road incognito.
will have a relationship to someone special. Perhaps you are seeing someone or think you might have met someone last night. Maybe you're hoping to meet someone and are hoping that someone sees your horoscopes and finds you attractive.
must learn to rely on yourself and know that, when you're in a relationship, you need the other person to make the relationship work, but that doesn't mean you have to do everything together.
may be reluctant to commit to someone before knowing how they are likely to influence you.
can be impatient and easily upset. You can also be prone to impatience and make a mess of your relationships. This is a time to be more assertive in your relationships.
are likely to meet someone you love. Unfortunately, you can't connect to a love match. Your best chance for success in a relationship comes if you concentrate on having a more positive attitude at work and at home.
will probably have a romantic relationship and possibly or in which you may even be in love. However, you may have to work to maintain the relationship as it can easily survive the occasional rough patches.
will experience passion and sexual feelings, and that will be a problem for you today. You will not be able to refocus on your work, as your body will have a tough time dealing with what you are feeling.
are likely to experience an infatuation with someone you know very well, but both of you are secretly in love with the same person. The odds of this are about one in four.
are feeling emotionally vulnerable. This may be because the upcoming discussion could influence your relationship. If you are speaking with someone about a non-romantic issue, be sensitive and listen attentively.
will enjoy an "enthusiastic" romance. You may also be able to have an "amusing" or romantic affair. Some of the darkest days in your sexuality may be ahead of you.
might be given a challenge to keep things in perspective. You might also be yourself, even if you're not very sure. Consider yourself warned.

Taurus/Career
may be tempted to give less than your full attention to the task at hand. At work, you may seem to be working through someone else's priorities. You may be uninterested in the problem or the project.
could face some challenges. For example, if you're applying for a summer internship, you may be asked to put a set of statistics online. If you get the job, it will be in a place with high pressure.
have crossed the Threshold of Success.You're ready for a career breakthrough. You're firing on all cylinders. You can handle success—and you can't handle failure. No matter what happens, you'll be confident always.
should be making new friends right now, and your relationships with others will be important to the success of your mission.
can move on in life with your destiny today. You can make a difference in every country in the world and have a new experience each day.
may make some bold decisions. Take some risks this week and you may explore new horizons.
will make some mistakes but also that you will learn a lot and celebrate your successes, which is what you've done today.
are likely to find that your work life will get even busier. Money is not the main issue today, instead you have to face your other responsibilities.
will experience considerable pressure in your job search. In fact, you must keep thoughts and feelings to yourself.
will have a hard time finding a job at present. You should take this opportunity to find a new employer and impress them with your skills.
will encounter challenges when working with others. But these problems will be within your control because you have good self-control. In fact, you will probably have to "fight" your own tendencies, not those of others.
are surrounded by co-workers who are loyal to you. Even if there are people who you don't get along with, you have support from some of your co workers on those days.
may be interested in career counseling. This relationship will be especially true if you have any issues with interpersonal conflicts in your past, such as relationship problems.
have an infectious passion for pro-active management. People are fearful of your ability to solve problems quickly.
work best with a calm, free-spirited home life. You prefer to heal others. Have time to do things by yourself, like reading, thinking, and talking.
can be ambitious, but you must also know how to get along with the people around you.
are looking for inspiration and guidance, and a new challenge for the exciting time ahead.
may have to work at least 40 hours a week in order to earn a living. The holiday weekend is also a big boost for your earning potential, as is Valentine's Day, which is a good gift for romantic relationships.
can benefit from a job that evolves a one-time job into a loyal work hand. But as a workaholic, you'd better hurry, because this career destiny is probably being further delayed.
may have "a lot of energy, but little to show." You have a vivacious side, but you need to work on finding the balance. Fortunately, you have a great job opportunity right now, so you can start.

Taurus/Friends
must be very selective of the people with whom you associate.
may find it hard to accept a friend with dark hair. The image of that friend in your mind may be a frightened gull or cormorant who is not known by the other people.
will be thinking about love, social harmony and harmony within your family. For the year ahead, you will likely be focused on the family members in your life, such as your children, spouse and parents.
can be strong friends with your friends but that when you have a problem with a friend, you'll need someone to watch your back.
have an average relationship. This is great. Don't stress about it.
can easily keep up a conversation when you're meeting a new person, but you'll find that the more you get drawn in, the less they want to talk. Your biggest challenge will be keeping your emotional responses in control.
may just be getting a little too friendly with your friends. So to keep you from being too casual with them, always make time for a "real" conversation.
make mistakes, but you should learn from them. You're not perfect, and you'll never be perfect. But you can learn and grow, so you're doing fine.
won't have the same problems with other people that some of your friends might have. However, you will find that your partner has had to deal with difficulties of his or hers as well.
may neglect your friends. You may delight in your ills , but you will be sad when you come to their defense. They are the most honest people there are, and will not be fooled by others' tricks.
should make friends easily. Luckily, you're in a great position. Many people feel awkward around you, but you also have the ability to ease into any situation.
will smile today, but you will feel sorrow. This is because you have been guarding yourself from a lot of negative energies that you have let in the past - and your emotions are now affecting the way your friend perceives you.
will be in good company and have many positive outcomes in life - but it says that you will have difficulties.
may or may not be able to influence your friends' choices in a positive way. But you can at least keep track of how they're using your situation to try to promote your own interests.
will definitely have a strong friendship with someone. If your friend is a Scorpio, then you will definitely need support from your Scorpius very often.
appreciate the work, effort, and dedication of the people around you. You are sensitive and compassionate, but also firm and decisive.
should be putting aside the less pleasant aspects of your relationship and focusing on the more pleasant ones. The more positive aspects in your life, be sure to say something nice about other relationships that are going well, too.
will feel strong friendship feelings with another Cancer. This is a great time to get advice on how to strengthen your friendships. The important thing is to keep your relationship relationships positive.
will need to develop a stronger partnership with a friend. You will need your friend to be sensitive to your needs. You need that friend in your life to give you acceptance and to love you.
can pick up the phone and talk to someone just fine. The more compatible another person is with you, the better. Because of this, you can have as much fun as you want.

Taurus/Finances
will receive a good deal of income over the next six months. Your next day of earnings is going to be on Monday, September 21 at 6:15 p.m. GMT, where you'll be credited for all the work you have recently accomplished.
are very logical and rational. You have a good head on your shoulders and are very in control of your finances.
should be exactly where you are, with no real changes. But your work is of course a whole different story. Time to do some reading.
will make a superb money manager, but you also will see problems in your business life. You should use your gift of listening to take advantage of those problems.
work best with people you trust. If you are in a vulnerable position, you will need to keep your back straight and to watch your words.
may enjoy your finances more and more, but you do not make your money your money and your success is not your own. Today, you may be in a position to make some money to spend, and if you are, it is yours to do with as you please.
are feeling some of the same pressures that are rippling through the corporate world. A good portion of your worries are about your company's health, with the economy threatening to get worse.
may find yourself working with an interesting and exciting relationship. However, opportunities may be less plentiful than you would like.
may not get the same full-time position that your friends or colleagues might get. Are you willing to make the sacrifice to be on the ballpark salary you deserve?
take pride and pleasure in making money. You are impatient with your own limitations but are willing to take on any task you are given because you have an open mind and a clear conscience.
won't feel completely comfortable when the not-so-good news hits, but you'll be ready for it. It's all about how you react to the bad news. And that's where you must stay focused on what's important -- your health, relationships, work, fun.
should be very generous in your spending should you decide to go out on a budget. It may also suggest that you should be careful about spending, as it may lead you to be less able to handle future financial crises.
will be much more receptive to new ideas and new connections. Stepping into your new role will bring you much-needed more excitement and a wider range of experiences.
will at the same time be the most fortunate and the least famous person in the world. If you're one of those lucky people, then you will have a lot of money to spend and a free time to enjoy.
need to work on your energy. While it goes without saying that everyone needs energy, it is interesting that having a good energy is just as important as having one or two superpowers.
would like to maintain a balance between spending and saving. You love money and you want to have a lot of it, but you also want to spend wisely.
should do something useful. But what should you do? 1. Look at your interests. 2. Act as if you want to have money.
will make and keep good financial decisions. These decisions may affect the way you earn and spend money.
will have a good start in life but also a bad end. You will need to raise more than $100,000 this year, aiming to make around $200,0000 in total.
want to "foster a new life" and become financially "independent." You feel confident and in control of your future, and you are certain you know where you're going.

Taurus/Lifestyle
may be down in the dumps, but don't let that put you off! When you make an important decision in your work, a friend, lover, or child, replace the important handset with an equally vital one.
are dealing with a lot of challenges in your life, and is disappointed in your job and other areas of your personal life. This could be due to a lack of leadership qualities you have when it comes to your career.
will be happy and successful. You will be fully focused on career and family. You will also be having a great time in the office. It tells you that you will have a lot of fun.
will feel confident today — but you might also feel nervous or anxiously excited. You'll probably feel up to the challenge, since you have been serene and poised since the fifties.
are likely to be of a better, healthier and happier nature. Now get out there and live!
may experience difficulty with relationships right now, as a result of your lupine great power. Instead of becoming aggressive, you may end up being passive-aggressive.
are ideally suited to making money.Tomorrow you will have to make money. In astrology you can't go wrong , so why not enjoy the money today and make the most of your reach into the future?
probably won't encounter any problems with your health today. 
may have a challenging time of it. There are several things you can do, that will help you gain more control over your life.
will be very busy. A full schedule includes a huge meeting with your boss, a promotional event with lots of people, and a night out on the town.
may be a bit more sensitive to changes in aspects. On the positive side, you may be more willing to take a risk . On the negative side...You may not be as hesitant as you used to be about starting a new job.
won't have a big night on the town, but you may have an exciting day.
will have several things to be happy about...Your journey with the world started in May. It is a very exciting time.
will find it hard to slip into addictive, mindless, behavior that is too shallow or lazy to survive. Underneath your easygoing personality is a deep-seated need to succeed in life.
will have a good number of surprises in your life. Your friends, family members, and co-workers are all planning to meet. They are all looking forward to the weekend.
will be extremely fortunate for your business and personal ills. To be even more productive, you might decide to cut down on time on the phone and spend more time in front of your computer.
are likely to be drawn to the bright side of life. You are likely entrusted with important responsibilities. You have the capacity to appreciate the finer things in life, including fine wines.
may have trouble with trust because you may be tempted to trust others who have an ulterior motive. You may want to avoid situations where you can't explain yourself.
are feeling a bit overwhelmed about your workload at work, but it doesn't really matter.
are a natural born leader. This may be because you love to venture out, to make your own way in life. But, you also like to be in charge.