Cancer/Romance
will awaken the next morning filled with love. And yet, you may find yourself reluctant to be loved. Whether the loved one is a lover, a friend, or a work colleague, you might feel anxious about how to respond to the love you're offered.
will spend more time in bed than with your significant other. The day's personal horoscopes also indicate that your romantic relationships will turn out to be rocky and that some of your former friends will now have a different view of you.
will be the happiest woman alive today. Only you can help you to see the big picture of your history and your role in it, so you can change it.
are in a 'critical phase of personal transformation.' There's a sense that this is when women take a leap of faith and hope and decide to leave their old lives behind.
will have a persistent urge to be in touch with people, as it's like your energy's permanently on the move. You're probably feeling a little awkward about how you feel and what you want in your life at the moment.
may feel overwhelmed at times while going through a divorce, and that these feelings are probably going to last for several days. You may also be embarrassed to talk about your divorce in case you are labeled as an irrational, bitter person.
finally got the life you want. For the first time in your life, you are happy and free. You will be able to live the lifestyle you have always dreamt about. You will finally be financially secure.
can enjoy a perfect relationship. And there is a slight chance that things might get better. But what if one day bugs come back into your relationship?
will be trying to get their attention. How will you do this? The best way to do it is to be a very subtle lover.
are open to the idea of a promise to be true. But if it's not, you can learn to refuse it as well.
may be vulnerable to the “grab the headlines” syndrome. (1) Make love, not war (2) If you're afraid to make love. (3) Is this your first love?
are likely to enjoy a successful engagement, and that your partner is likely likely to have his or her share of good luck.
might be having better luck with men than you are with women. A Cancer today's love horoscopes say that your love life is changing.
are in love with someone who needs you to hiss, to flinch, or even to slap your hand away, then explain that you are not in any way affected by this, and that they could be right.
become stronger, and more sure in your beliefs, and that your hope for your future will increase.
are a nurturing, loving, and caring Cancer.An amazing Cancer is often the first to welcome a new member to the family. You are respected and admired for your kind and loving nature.
will be disappointed in your love life. You will not have sufficient time for you to resolve your relationship problems. Your goal in the relationship is to find a partner of the same mind set, to make sure your marriage is a happy marriage.
are likely to make a romantic relationship an emotional rollercoaster. Consider what's left to say that makes you feel loved and desired, and then put your feelings into words.
might feel out of sync with your love life. When this happens, the two of you may begin to drift apart. By staying in touch with each other, you can strengthen your connection and make the love you have for each another last a lifetime.
could be more vulnerable and have difficulty in trusting others. They are frustrated by your naiveté in certain areas of life, and they are reluctant to explain key concepts of famous authors and scientists.

Cancer/Career
won't be able to please anyone all year. To make matters worse, all of the people that have your back in this lifetime will turn their backs on you.
have to learn to be more effective at putting things into action. When you do, you'll be surrounded by people who appreciate you.
will get a better job opportunity today than you've had in the past. The shift will take place during the new year.
will face a career setback — usually this is a difficult but necessary learning experience. Once you get back on track, you should be successful whether it is due to the exceptional fortitude you have developed or to a shift in your demand schedule.
should not be too hyper at work or home, and you can afford to be a little bit shy around people now since, as Cancer friends say, "You'll know when you know them." Your work environment is casual
will not rise to the top. But you have a hidden talent which may just make up for it. You can go from a junior to a senior manager, from reporter to editor, from a witness to an author, from a housewife to an astronaut.
are ready to begin making the most of your talent!!! Your Career and Love horoscopes say that your two loves are so genuine.
will be unable to join in your peers on their summer bonding-in-a-bar-circus. If you really want to impress, why not get the big boss to buy you a new car?
will finish the year with a successful record, then retrace your steps for another good year.
are in a great time to make a major career decision. First thing you will need to decide is whether you want to stay in your current career or you'd like to change your career. 
will definitely be working; you will definitely have an affair; and you are definitely going to die. This should not be a big problem for you, as you are going through a difficult period in your life.
have less time to take care of yourself, and more unhappiness and turmoil to juggle with. Your internal clock has speeded up, meaning that it takes you longer to make the same adjustments and choices that the rest of the world is making at warp speed.
won’t be able to keep from becoming a bibliophile. Now, you‘re weak in your ability to focus and handle pressure.
are likely to be very successful, but hard to motivate. You're most able to acquire the recognition that will lead to financial success, but not necessarily the job that puts bread on the table.
will be a 'people's person’. Your career is in great shape and you are at the top of your game. You have a great deal on your plate and it looks like it's going to be fantastic.
may think that your age will make you younger , but that is not the case. As you age, there are so many things that can affect you in your daily life.
might be tempted to try to quit. You may feel like you've done enough. But the good news is that the forces of change are strong and the game has only just begun. So don't put the pieces of your life back together. Instead, reorganize. And make a new start.
are looking to do some serious soul searching. So don't put the pieces of your life back together. Instead, reorganize. And make a new start.
are under great stress, and that your life is on the critical threshold. So what do these mean for you? Are your decisions about career and finance well-reasoned or guided by a sense of urgency and change?
will be less capable of handling the various stresses of your job. As a result, you are likely to have trouble staying focused on work.

Cancer/Friends
have been able to maintain a healthy balance with yourself and the people around you. You appear to be a very open and trusting person with a high degree of acceptance.
are a happy-go-lucky unpredictable person. For this reason, it is very important for you to know that jealousy never brings happiness to anyone.
are ready, ready to forgive & ready for a healing friendship. In your New Year Wish, you wish for the beginning of an exciting friendship with someone that will be a long lasting & fulfilling family member.
might not know how to cope with a crisis, making this a clause in your friendship horoscopes.
are going to begin your New Year with a bang! A few things that will cause a big splash for you today are: 1. A clear understanding of why you are here. 2. Knowing that your friends are there for you no matter what happens. 3. An understanding that it's not personal.
most likely will still speak to friends. You will also be more understanding and compassionate. So you will understand what your friends need and what they want.
may come across as aloof for a while. A few of your close friends that have known you for years now will likely find it difficult to understand your personality and you are unable to explain yourself very well.
may also feel lonely and isolated at times. This will feel more serious in the coming days, but will pass.
will be feeling quite down, perhaps a bit lonely. You will also be a little in your own space. It is fascinating to read your reaction to books and poetry that really strike a chord with you.
have a knack for making friends of friends. Look around! Do you see anyone you know in a dark-colored suit with a thick neck?
might find it hard to be firm in your friendships. It's a good day to learn the value of friends. The Cancer gives you the best of luck in making good friends and in learning to value people.
may have a tendency to envy people who have more money, which could be affecting your social life.
will get a breakthrough in the coming year. Though perhaps not necessarily the kind you thought you would get, you might find that your relationship is one of the most important things you have in your life.
will stand up for your allies. When you do, you will have a friend's feast.
will have a very good support system and a great group of friends. If you are a Cancer today, you can expect that your friend will be very supportive of you and your issues.
are loved by many, but you don't have many friends. However, there are times when you may be lonely.
are in for a rough road. Today, you will be tested by some new stressors. First, it is cold and rainy in the morning.
have a reason to be very careful. You are not alone in your struggle, and you are no likelier a victim or target of fate than anyone else. But your recent personal troubles have given your friends a chance to see who you really are.
give more to others than you take from them. In fact, you have emptied your words to many. This is a sign of generosity and sharing. Don't be surprised if you become a person who offers a helping hand to those in need.
can only have a happy life if you love yourself. In addition, the Cancer star period for a year from today will be quite difficult. You are quite capable of change and can make major changes in your life.

Cancer/Finances
owe a fortune. But it's not the money itself that makes the point. It's your attitude to your money.
ave made three important purchases in your life: a car, a house, and an education. The last is a purchase that means a lot to you, yet it has counted for little. That's what it means for you today. Each of these purchases has cost you money.
will soon be facing a major financial challenge. The Cancer forbids spending money on what you really want — positive financial events. You should try to do what is right, not what seems right.
should not spend money only on things that will be important, but keep money for things that are truly important. That way you will always have something to fall back on. A major shock will happen to you.
are much more prone to take risks. This means that if you have a huge amount of money in your savings and you live in a country where GDP is growing, you could easily experience negative financial consequences.
are in a "money deficit" and have "a lot of emotional late-cycle business challenges." But, please note, you are in the "right" money position.
have the opportunity to choose your path. You will be healthier and happier.
won't realize exactly how much you can live on until you have earned money and you'll feel that it's the midpoint between your true self and the false self. 
can sometimes feel that the money you earn is "in" your body, the rest is "out." One of the phrases that keeps on coming up is: "I accumulate money, but I don't spend it."
will go down in the history books as the biggest loser. Today, you're least interested in money. Today it says that your money is your curse.
will be both lucky and unlucky this month. You have won at least $15,000 for this year and you have lost at least that much. Whether you win by buying the right products or by losing your job, you gain or lose.
may have a good month and that is one in which there is no loss. Or you may have an unfortunate month that puts you in a financial hole.
have the financial opportunity in abundance but you have to take responsibility for your your choices. If you do not set a budget, you will be financially vulnerable for the rest of your life. Do not use the credit cards, but rather the cash.
feel uncertain about your future. There is an evil person in your life that manipulates you into spending money you do not have. This is a waste of mental energy because you can not make money.
may lose more money than you make. And in spite of the little money you do make, you will spend it. If you have a full-time job, it is not unusual for you to earn $50,000 a year.
have more than just your money to worry about. It says you are cosmically thinking about how you can use your own financial issues to help others, and that your customers will be waiting with open arms!
have the ability, as a business leader, to emerge from the current crisis at light speed. We are now in the middle of a transition period.
should be upbeat, because the upcoming month will bring a lot of good things. The new month is going to be a fantastic time, and you will experience great investment opportunities. This is probably the best time of year to make a major purchase.
have a very good start to your year ahead in business and however, still has too much work to do this year. You will have a great opportunity in the new year with many opportunities and new ventures.
won't be able to get or hold one penny. Use the money you made today. Both of your horoscopes are telling you that the only thing you'll buy in this month is a lottery ticket.

Cancer/Lifestyle
are in the position to have a major influence on your life. You have what it takes to make some decisions that will impact your daily life and the lives of others around you.
are in a period of time when you will be able to get a faster and more accurate diagnosis than you have ever had before. This is probably due to your increased focus on health and fitness. 
are going to have difficult days. Your diet, negative thoughts and negative energy are all going to cause problems. You are going through different stages. These are called growth periods.
will meet some challenges this week. The first and biggest challenge of your life is to build your own inner strength, so that it can withstand the test of time.
are most likely to discover your true nature as a new All You. Rooted in the ancient cultures of India and China, yoga is the study and practice of physical and spiritual harmony.
will see some ups and downs in a few months from now. Your good results today and your second good result will not happen in the same month, and when you look back three months from now (three months out, plus six months in, time at zero), your good results will look like a bad joke.
will feel pain and discomfort, aches and pains, ills and ickness, and enough to make you grit your teeth.
could be very ill. I would say that all hope is lost, 	but you don't know how wrong you are. Look at the palm of your hand and write a letter to your friend, a close relative, or a Muslim or orthodox Jew.
~~must~~ get on with your life. You must make decisions about your future. Cancer is a nature lover, and your horoscopes say you should be surrounded by nature.
want to maintain your health in the long run and to enjoy the pleasures of the moment. Since this is your first time on the Cancer sun sign planet, you have some self-doubt about whether your actions will have a lasting effect on your life.
may feel that your efforts are not appreciated and that people don't see that they have done anything for you. This Cancer moon in your 12th House of Friends and Relationships will make it difficult.
will be often very busy. You should spend no more than 20% of your time doing repetitive tasks. Use this time not to relax, but to accomplish tasks that are meaningful and that will have an influence on your life.
may attract to yourself someone who gives you strength, and someone who challenges you. Your horoscopes can be very important for your personal health. You are not alone.
will be living your new life in a place which is becoming personally meaningful. That is if you are healthy, and have enough optimism. Your new horoscopes say that if your health improves, you will be going through life feeling optimistic and alive.
are a little bit off balance.
are a bit more sensitive, but you are not sure what's causing your imbalance. Perhaps you've lost the love of your life and that's why you're currently just aching to be loved.
may be inclined to respond to light with anger. You may be drawn to celebrate your victories with cheerleading friends and relatives, instead of with a family member who is ill.
can be pushed to your limits. Some Cancer people are able to handle turning epileptic. Others will snap, lose control, and go off like a firecracker.
are going to be under a lot of pressure. Today you say you will have a lot of stress. It is probably going in this direction. You are telling yourself all the time that you are not getting enough rest.
will be known as a person who doesn't take things too seriously. You can be a bit of a tease, but you'll know when to stop. You'll have a good range of interests, and you're outdoorsy and sociable.