Leo/Romance
are likely to find love. Find love in your life. Go! Go! That way! Don't be late!
may be looking for a partner who likes to laugh and is impulsive.
may be dating someone who is a sadness addict, told you that he does not like to be left alone and that he finds it difficult to relax.
may be dating a person who has a pattern of leaving you very upset if you are not around or if they are with a lover and not you. They also worry about being alone. 
can't help but get very close to other people. What does this mean?
can be very passionate and romantic with a partner or someone you care for. Love horoscopes read in the past have all been one-sided affairs.
might be drawn to someone who is barely able to live without you. People around you might say you're too much, but that has no bearing on the admiring tone in the zodiac signs.
find your soulmate on the moon. That’s not a very romantic statement, but it‘s worth noting; your soul is never more than one degree or breath away from the surface of the earth.
are in a love triangle with two of your most important friends. They are a bit of an enigma to you. Through the years they have played an essential role in your life. The trouble is that they are marrying someone you do not like very much.
might experience a little heartbreak. What's wrong with that?
haven't found him yet, so you are waiting. This can be a long time. It could be months, years, or even decades. The waiting can make you feel restless, sad, and confused. You may become withdrawn and give up entirely. That's because you want to be with your true-love.
will be attracted to someone who is in a relationship , but you'll hear a lot about that person and won't feel attracted . That means you might want to clean out your closets even if you're not in one.
will meet someone special and decide to stay with the person longer than you plan. In other words, you're known as the "chaser."
will have a stressful day that's not going to end quietly. Today's Leo can have trouble with a part of their psyche that can't always be controlled.
should take the time to share your feelings and thoughts on love with someone you love. If you do this, you will be sure to attract the type of love you desire.
bring an unexpected gift to the situation. That gift is the desire to make life better. You know that good times are on the way, but you're hoping to make them more happy.
still have some way to go to get things back on track. This year you might be allowed an extra day of work, an afternoon off. But be sure to schedule it around opening day.
are more than ready to move forward in your life. And I am sure, you also have no qualms about moving on. It's only natural. No one is born alone.
are most likely to attract a partner with a strong sense of humor. Yikes! I have a question about you.
might want to take a serious look at your relationship today. You're going to join a new book club that meets on Thursdays and Fridays that will teach you how to have meaningful and satisfying relationships in your lifetime. Do you feel ready to embark on this journey?

Leo/Career
will shine through the thick and thin. You might be tempted to make quick decisions. But be on guard: the perfect job is not the one you're looking for. It's the job you really want to do.
you are particularly suited to the high-stakes competitive job market that is looming in the year ahead.
are likely to go through a period of intense insecurities about your personal life, possibly manifesting in an unhealthy relationship or other emotional issues.
may feel that all you're doing is providing emotional support to a good friend or long-time colleague. Your heart is also fighting to be free of longings that could be unhealthy. Use this day to shed the burdens of your past in order to move forward.
are having trouble getting through this workweek. However, as a strong communicator, you may find you have some truly unique skills that can be used for your own career growth.
are ready to break through to new heights, and a new level of excellence. You‘re in a great position to leverage your talents to earn big bucks, so you should think about where you want to go next. But you have to follow your gut.
stand out on the job market because you understand the importance of networking. Your career success will depend on your ability to meet and greet people at trade shows and other opportunities you’ll have as a reporter.
are feeling in the zone, and that‘s how you will stay focused on your goals. Even if what you are doing isn”t exactly what is expected of you, you still have a lot to learn, so take care that it doesn’t compromise your success.
will have a lot of fun, and that's because you're going to be very confident and ambitious. Leo is very optimistic and has been told that if you keep your awesomeness up, things will go along just fine.
are the type of person who needs a system to get things done and that’s why you should become a multitasker. At work, you”ll work well with the team because you can go with different projects at the same time.
will be under the most pressure to perform this year. You‘ll have to do a lot in a short amount of time, and the pressure you feel depends on your performance.
have to be in a rush if you want to stay in the game. You have an abundance of ideas and may want the chance to do something you haven't done in years.
are in a very good position to get promoted and advance your skills as a leader and manager. You are much more competitive than most employees, which means it will be difficult for you to be told no.
are blessed with a well-paying employer. A salary between $40,000 and $70, 000 will pay off for you. With any luck, you will be able to purchase your dream house.
are about to enter a new and exciting phase in your life. It's the full-blown career – you have work that's never been done before. Your instincts tell you this first job is going to be you.
are ready to go out there and find a new job. Whether you go into industry or the freelance world, today‘s Leo heads will likely be looking for something new to do.
will be dealing with intense competition. You have a tendency to often think too much and worry too little. Work is an important part of your life, but don't make it the only thing you do, especially with your love life.
must define what your legacy will be. What do you want people to remember you by? Where do your goals stem from?
are likely to be successful. However, life may throw you some curveballs that might force you to redefine your thinking. You will need to put a lot of energy into your work and your life so that your future self will not be disappointed.
have a lot to prove. You’re a leader, a founder, and the most brilliantly creative person you know—but you‘ve also got to live up to the expectations of those who think you belong in the world of corporate back-office.

Leo/Friends
will "enjoy the company of others and be successful in every endeavor you pursue." In other words, you're a great organizer. And it's true; you've got a knack on the intellectual and managerial side of collaboration.
are supposed to play the good Samaritan to others, so why not choose an objective, altruistic friend today? It‘s a great time to set yourself apart from the pack, and to make an effort to build positive public relations.
are plagued by making friends, and you have a tendency to be easily annoyed. “Friendship is not easy to maintain because you tend to get bored with people who have less to offer.”
need to make friends who are on a more equal footing to you, who challenge your mind and who believe in you. It is easy for you to bore people if they are not interesting and if you do not challenge them. You cannot change this, but you can get better.
enjoy many “good” things in life. One of these ‘goods’ is this weekend. Leo love can be a little bit annoying to some, but it can also be an incredible thing. There‘s nothing like a good time with your friends.
are excellent at making and keeping friends and that your ability to keep the friendship is at least as important as the quality of the friendships you make. Today's friend will support your goals and help you to achieve them.
can become your best friend. Being with someone you love, especially someone who has a similar spirituality to yourself is a wonderful thing. There is nothing better than being with your friend and to be with a bestie.
should have as many friends as possible. Friendship is important — but not as important as your career. And your work should be important to you, but not more important than your friends. So choose your vice wisely.
have a unique relationship with your mother. She is one of the few in your life with whom you can open up and be vulnerable. In today’s modern world, it‘s easy to be alone.
will find yourself surrounded by people you do not know. But your relationship to your mom and sisters is special because you share your faith, values and beliefs with them. Your relationship is also unique because they love you as much as you love them.
will be very good at sharing information about yourself, but it is contrary to your ego. This isn't a bad thing. When you reveal yourself to someone, you open yourself up to the possibility of something good coming of the sharing.
will be friends with people of many different backgrounds. This means that your social and emotional life will include people from all over the world, from various cultures to age groups.
will have a lot of friends who share your interests in art, music, and entertainment. However, you may also meet someone who is very different from your liking.
are able to see clearly, even in the most trying situations, and you also have that inner peace that is so important in life. This is the time to be active in your life — to take action, to do something that matters to you.
are in a special relationship with another person — but you don't know exactly how special. You'll be surprised to find out that the special person is responsible for a traditional, long-lasting, and emotionally and physically loving relationship.
are very generous in your sharing of ideas and support. If you have an idea, you will be able to make a persuasive case for why you should take it forward. You are also very good at maintaining a good working relationship, which is a valuable skill for any politician.
could end up being your best and only friend in your life. You are a very loyal and energetic person. In fact, you like to be around the most active people.
tend to be a little too nice with people. This is especially true when it comes to the people you meet. During the day, you’re likely to see the good in people and choose to give them a hand. At night, however, people can get on your nerves.
have many unresolved issues within your own family, and possibly within the wider family of humanity. There may be a tendency to take a “soft” approach to your relationships, to miss out on opportunities to show affection and to be patient.
may feel like you’ve been standing on a soapbox for a long time, but you can take the time to talk with your friends and even your enemies, and they will accept you and your point of view.

Leo/Finances
are ambitious and determined. And I mean that in the best possible way. You're never afraid to take a chance and to venture beyond your comfort zone. It might seem bold for a born Leo to say, but you have a generous and very loving nature.
must learn how to spend less, not more, in order to have enough money to take care of what you want.
have the key to success with money. The day is a great time to get to know yourself better and make changes that will enhance your life.
will lose a lot of money. You'll overspend and you may be forced to sell your stocks as your future is looking good. But since you have a Sun sign, you're not affected yet.
are in an excellent financial position, but that it might not last. That‘s why you need to set aside some time to do a financial update, today.
have been lucky in the past, and you don't want to miss out on getting even more lucky.
will not have enough time to enjoy your money because of the pressure of obligations. You may spend more than you hoped on items that are solely for your own pleasure.
are very impulsive, impatient and sometimes reckless. What might be a good idea might actually backfire. That can be unsettling and even a disaster if you don‘t know the warning signs.
are a bright, cheerful, and optimistic person. This is a good thing, since you would benefit from being constantly connected with people. On the other hand, you know that some people are bitter, cynical, or negative, so you should be careful when you approach them.
are taking an extremely stable approach to your money, and that is a good thing. While your other horoscopes tell a different story, you seem to be somewhat cautious and prudent today, if you don’t mind me saying.
will struggle in your ability to make decisions. You will be overwhelmed by all the options you can consider. But don't accept the challenge of making these decisions, because they will undoubtedly make you unhappy.
are in a great financial position. It does not say how much you'll have in savings or how safe you will feel investing.
will likely have a great year ahead of you, and that at some point in the near future, you may be able to earn enough money to cover your bills, upgrade your car, or pay off your student loan if you choose.
will have a good time. In fact, you are destined to have loads of fun, and you might even have the perfect time of your life. The horoscopes don’t say anything about having fun financially, though. That‘s okay — money is fun — and I consider it a great social lubricant.
will be working more long hours. This is very much in line with the common wisdom that working long days is good for you, but contrary to popular belief, you shouldn't do it if you are struggling to pay your bills.
are strong and independent. This means that your independence comes from setting goals and then achieving them. You will not have problems with your relationships, and you will also be fine with handling your money.
are in the process of making major life changes. First, you will be taking your next step toward preserving your traditions and embracing new ones to keep your life on a positive path.
are going to make a lot of money. You‘re probably hoping to get ahead of the game, right? However, the truth is that money is just a means to an end, and as you know, that end is your personal betterment.
are in a moment of crisis. You are feeling under pressure, and there is a wave of anxiety around you.
are single, have no commitments to people other than yourself, and love spending money. The astrology suggests you might spend less money this year.

Leo/Lifestyle
are ready to hear the truth. What you need to know is that the message you will hear is the most important you have ever heard. Unfortunately, most people are still living in the dark ages and only see the world through the neon lights of the Internet.
are ready for new adventure. You are excited about doing things that are different from the norm and want to experience new things so that your life will grow and expand.
are stressed, timid, and unsure of your abilities. This makes you more likely to reach out to someone you just met, but especially to people you don’t know in a relationship.
can expect more success in business, but this may take more planning and effort. Your career and finances should be where they should, and your personal life will come more naturally.
will be the boss, so you should enjoy that role. Being a leader, however, is not all fun and games, because you need to focus on your family and friends, as well as your career.
have two prospective goals in your life. The first is to get a raise. It’s a fun goal for some, but trite for others. You will also want to enjoy life more (and engage in more fun activities).
will be happier than ever, but it also says you’ll be more misunderstood than you have ever been before. This is a good thing, because today is just the day the universe brings you a new opportunity.
will have a very busy day. You‘ll be sitting around a lot and talking to people, so you might not get as much reading done as you would like. This is especially true if you have an important meeting and want to review your notes.
want to enjoy life in all its delightful detail. You’re a sociable person who enjoys company and is a good listener. Like most people, you have a need to hold onto the things that make life interesting, and you can’t get enough of them.
have an active imagination and are a dreamer. But you also need a certain amount of sleep and no more than seven hours. Do not snuggle up with someone who has a lot going on.
are more likely to have a mid-life crisis. This isn‘t a negative, it’s a positive thing. What does it mean? After all, if you had a crisis as an infant, there would be a lot of people looking at you like, “How could you survive such a hard time?“
are likely to feel quite anxious when you have to go out and meet someone new. Try to be a little more careful about what you choose to do for fun, and avoid such activities as drinking alcohol, visiting nightclubs, or going out to pubs.
will feel the need to be with others. You will need, therefore, to surround yourself with good company, and you may well become a little king among the people.
have a lot of energy and lots of potential. This means that one of the most important characteristics of a “savvy” money-making system is the ability to be quite creative and focused, with no distractions.
can see the natural power which will be given to you by this lifestyle, by the fact that people will suddenly be willing to give you their attention when you are in a position where there can be no other person in the world with whom you can talk.
are a creative, energetic person who can look at the world in a new way. Plus, much of what you are doing in your life will bring you a sense of fulfillment because it’s something that‘s energetic and exciting
can expect a work-free weekend, but the truth is that your weekend will be full of work. Your weekend is packed with meetings and emails and phone calls.
feel confident about yourself and can look outside yourself for support, making you an excellent person to make friends. In fact, you may also have a tendency to assume that even "negative" aspects of yourself are positive.
may struggle with how to balance your personal and professional lives. You may need to decide what to have for lunch and what you can leave behind at the office for your lunch.
could also decide whether you want to get together with friends or whether to skip networking opportunities in favor of a solo meeting in the next 24 hours