Virgo/Romance
don't have a boyfriend yet, so if your Tinder swipes were in alphabetical order, it would be difficult to find the right one.
have got your head down, minding your own business where all your attention is needed to steer the ship of your life. But you can”t hide from the ocean of love. Love is everywhere. It’s only you who are unaware of it.
will meet someone who will deeply affect the way you thought about love, marriage, and sex. And this will be true for you, just as it will for that person.
might find the love of your life. Maybe you’re ready to make that happen? Even if you haven‘t found anyone, maybe you can make your dream partner, in the bedroom, through good communication and as a couple, that is.
probably won't believe love can last, or as I like to say: "A+ love still lives in my heart." You may be at a major crossroads in your life, but you have great creative instincts. You will love to see what's next.
might have to make a choice between love and practicality if you want to be a good parent. If you choose love you will probably feel special and worried about your safety.
could be bored and lonely. There might even be an argument between you and your partner, as you try to decide which has been more important for you, the partner or the children.
are likely to have a good day. But you’ll also have to work hard to enjoy it. You like to take charge and get things done, and you have the courage of your convictions.
may have a love rival. This could be a friend, a distant relative, or even a soulmate. Take a look at your self-talk before you dial the phone or speak to the person. When you’re about to say something, try to pretend that the words aren‘t being said to you.
are likely to be disappointed with the dates you have selected for a romantic weekend away. But, despite today’s low romance demands, you will be extremely excited about the weekend.
are likely to find yourself in a relationship where you will be very attracted to the opposite sex. You may find that your partner is of a different sex than you, but it is not likely that there will suddenly be an extraordinary situation where they become of different sexes.
are trying to be careful with your emotional decisions. That’s very good. You are leaning toward the total opposite of the new relationship you‘ve just started.
have a signal, at least for you, that this new romance will end up having a very positive and long-lasting impact on you and will make your life better.
will currently be in a relationship that is very long term. A long-term relationship is a nine- to twelve-year committed relationship. You will be living with a partner for that length of time.
are probably feeling very passionate. You feel very attracted to others but you can’t find a partner. That isn‘t likely to change anytime soon. If you need to get in touch with someone who feels the same way, it is time to try a matchmaking service.
are likely to make new, hopefully lasting, friends. However, there are several obstacles standing in your way, which may have to be overcome before you can build a solid foundation for friendship.
may feel so close to someone that the distance feels like an ocean, not a continent. You may find that your heart feels more like the Pacific than the Atlantic.
are a little more well-adjusted than usual. You are likely a great lover, and a bit more tolerant than you were before. This compatibility can cause problems when your Virgos were best friends.
will marry soon. You're more likely than others to follow your true feelings and not compromise your desires. That's why your opposition will quickly feel excluded now that your heart is set.
are going to meet someone special in your life. If you are in love, you'll be perceived as a long-term partner who will provide long term love.

Virgo/Career
are in many ways a man who does the right things, but without a following.
will encounter a bump in the road in your work this week. And you may end up feeling like it‘s your fault.
will have a deep love affair with your work and may find that it is part of your soul. You will be drawn to it at different times throughout your life and love it for a certain period.
will be busy. If this means being busy with a job or a social life, then you are not as productive as you might think, you can be.
are ready to make some major career changes and follow through with the decisions you've made in the past. In other words, you can't wait for things to get better — you need to take action and move on.
will fail to attain your highest ambition, to grow professionally. What a disappointment. It's not as bad as losing your health and wealth, but it still hurts.
are likely to find the job that is right for you if you want it. But you will need a little luck in order to do that.
have an air of responsibility. You have a hard time expressing your emotions to others. Even though you feel as if you owe someone something, you do not have the guts to show your gratitude.
need to set your sights higher, and that your goals should be broader. You are a little quiet and a bit thoughtful in person, but you communicate with ease via email and social media.
are going to be blunt and to the point. This means that harsh words are to come your way. You are likely to offend and upset people and you may even be rude.
are going to be successful. Many Virgos have achieved great heights in their careers, and keep working on their success. However, you can also be hurt by the challenges of your life.
are on the cusp of major career changes, so you can take the necessary steps to make sure that your transition isn't a struggle. That said, these career challenges are not the end of your personal journey — instead, they're just a tool to advance your work and your life.
will bond with influential people, particularly if they're from a similar field to yours. Not only will you find yourself in a position to be friends with them, but you'll also be able to help them get ahead.
will be lucky to find the job you want. And, that is indeed the way to go about looking for work. But you do need to be careful that we are not getting it all backwards.
are likely to continue to feel pressured to impress others and to be the one they come to for praise. You are not likely, however, to find yourself having a good day. In fact, you tend to have a really bad day, like today.
may be asked to take on some leadership roles in your company. This may not sound like a big deal, but it means that the role will require a great deal of hard work and self-management.
want to “engage in various projects that are not so different from what you have in mind.” You’re a great leader, and you‘re attracted to people who share your interests and values. The only thing you need to do is to discover the projects where they can coexist peacefully.
may find it difficult to get a good job. If you have good qualifications and a solid past that would help you get the job you want, then don’t despair.
will be able to get ahead and find success in your life, but that success will not come easily. In fact, it will take time to earn your wings.
are probably more driven than you give yourself credit for. It‘s like the sun is shining on your soul and an all-encompassing sense of joy points to the fact that, even though life is challenging, you get to do something that will make your dreams come true.

Virgo/Friends
best understand other people's motivations. You know when to be silent and when you need to tell the story.
may be more sensitive to social taboos. This is probably because in your absence, the other members of your Virgosonic family are more likely to be forthcoming and not hold back.
will be working on several new collaborations across your social and professional networks. By listening to your intuition, you know that this means a lot of new opportunities to meet and talk with new people.
have some challenges, like shutting down your personal phone for a while to avoid interactions with those you feel are intruding on your space.
are likely to be of great help to someone. You have an interesting, if slightly distant connection. It’s likely that this might be a bit too close for comfort. In any case, this is the path you‘re on, so you need to get on with it.
can shift the focus of your network with your friends and peers, too. They may be struggling with a career change.
both feel a degree of anxiety.Virgos are the most sensitive of the zodiac signs, and it is common to feel alarm and worry when your relationship is undergoing a transformation.
could be happier if you can find your own unique path. But you need to be careful not to get stuck in the same old routine that has become comfortable and familiar to you.
may be able to take the next step and explore your new career path by initiating the fresh start that will help you grow and develop into the successful and vibrant person you wish you were.
can’t sit by and let injustice prevail on the date of your birth as you too are born on this day. Your destiny is about to collide with someone you know and someone who knows you, and you”ll be forced into a choice between the known and the unknown.
are likely to experience difficulties in social situations. You tend to become self-absorbed, rigid and judgemental. However, you have a strong sense of fairness and are generous with your time.
should trust your gut instincts. That is a good idea as there is no better indicator of what to do in any given situation.
will need to tread lightly, but it looks like you've met someone who will help you have fun with your work. You're also likely to help friends and family members find the most positive aspects of their life.
have an old friend who is just like you. It seems that your mutual friend is feeling the same way. You both may even be the object of your friend’s affection.
are going to be the big sister of your college friends and will foster their academic success. You would like to encourage them to get a good education so that they can stand a chance of making it in life.
will feel an underlying sense of security and safety as a friend and a constant companion. The major difference between friends and lovers is that lovers expect to be reciprocated. They may even feel like they need to prove your sincerity.
are very close to getting your life back on track. You‘re happier and you know what you want from life. But you still need to make choices.
are about to face challenges, along with your best friend. She“s here to help you get through this hump. And to show you that life isn‟t always easy, but you can get over it, too.
are very sensitive to change. You tend to challenge others to make the same changes they make and you have the ability to see problems in a way that others can't. Your friends and family want to help you, but they ultimately don't know what to do.
might have special feelings for your best friends. Typical Virgos are very loyal and loyal friends, who can sometimes be very demanding.

Virgo/Finances
want to put your money in stocks, bonds and cash because the market is growing. In fact, you’ll be happy if the value of your investments rise by 10% or more.
are likely to struggle with your career ambitions and find it tough to find a good job. Since you tend to take on jobs from other people, that could be a challenge for you to get a regular paycheck.
have been putting money into things you probably shouldn’t have for the past several years. So, I‘m going to go ahead and skip the “risky investments” section of this article and talk about something that doesn’t quite fit into this category.
will make a major contribution to your career in your second year on the job. If you don't have a career you love, then you are most likely to be drawn to a situation that will allow you to make money, but you would be wise to avoid high-risk ventures.
will have both good and bad financial news to share with your loved ones. You will be relieved to know that your earnings will start to increase and that the family expenses will remain below the average for the time being. However, this good news will not last forever.
will face some obstacles that will require you to shift your efforts to a new career path. You will experience this as a result of three significant events. They are on the same day, a week apart, and span the time from five to six weeks.
can tell that these obstacles are coming to fruition for you because they are all going to be a lot worse than you expected. This is because you are undergoing some upheavals right now that are going so far out of the ordinary.
will feel very happy and lucky. You will enjoy lots of financial success and you should be carefully spending your money. However, you need to be careful with your investment portfolio. There is potential for a big loss, so you may need more money by the end of the year.
may also be experiencing a crisis of confidence. If you are feeling anxious about finances, find out if there is any support for your reluctance to invest in yourself.
need to save money, not spend it. That's because your money is flowing, and you have a sense of income and expenditures coming in from all your various sources.
are not worried about an expenditure that exceeds your income in some way, but you are concerned that some days you won't get enough of what you want. This is the first time in more than a decade that your horoscopes have said this about you.
have a lot of leverage, which means you can act as an effective financial manager to better your life. In fact, that is exactly what you should do.
should put away more than you expected to. That’s because finance is about living within your means, so you may have little or no extra cash to spend.
are likely to be a little restless, but you may also give some people the impression that this is exactly what you want. You‘re very logical, and even when you don“t always get things exactly right, someone else has to get the blame for your errors in judgment.
are going out on a bit of a limb in terms of what you think you can afford to spend. So for example, you may be one of those people who have a couple of hundred pounds in a bank account that they would like to invest in stocks but aren’t quite sure if they can do that.
have been focusing on new endeavors and new directions. You are curious about what's next for you. So far, you haven't chosen a 4-quadrant career path, but instead have chosen to focus on endeavors that bring you joy.
will be blessed with a great idea that will turn your future into gold. Some of your concerns today may be exaggerated, but there's no reason to doubt the value of the idea you're about to put your big toe to.
are likely to be a bit more thoughtful about your spending habits rather than reckless with spending. And with the interest rate surging on savings accounts, it‘s more important than ever to pay down your credit card balances if you can.
will be lucky today with your money. It doesn't mean you can do as much as you want to spend on material things. On the contrary, you have to be very careful because you might get into financial problems.
will experience a setback, which you probably can handle with grace. On the bright side, it also reveals that most of your work will be completed by the end of the month. Though you may have a strict work program, you're still going to be busy.

Virgo/Lifestyle
are going to stay true to your plans for a life of travel and adventure, but you might have to stretch a bit to make it happen. You‘ll need a little help – and some backup – in getting there.
have the yoga, the meditation, and the daily exercise to help you prepare for the world’s most challenging travel plans. And you also have ways to counteract the negative effects of the planets“.
will be on a mission to get new ideas in your life. You will start to feel more interesting, curious and driven to do something new. When you are confronted with a problem, you may find a way to solve it, but you do not have to be told.
will also feel the urge to grow in certain areas of your personality and may want to become a different person. With this energy, it is not unusual that your work life becomes more creative.
are "on the go" and would like to be more organized. You'll be using more public transportation and probably take a regular online class.
like to make a difference to others. You are a friendly, caring person that everyone could benefit from having in their lives. With your inquisitive nature, you are always curious about the unknown as well as the familiar.
want to get to know others as best as you can. In addition, you are very good at communication and socializing. By the end of the month, the two things you yearn to do the most will be getting to spend time with someone special or going somewhere new and meeting new people.
will also be very interested in learning more about past lives and reincarnation. At first, it will challenge your belief system, but that will change as time passes.
may find it difficult or even impossible to move on from a relationship that doesn’t suit you. You may close your mind to potential partnerships based on simple, superficial reasons (a commitment to your partner, a lack of time, etc.).
might start to make excuses when an obvious reason for falling out of love with someone doesn't apply. This is an incredibly common trap for Virgos, who should be more concerned with the deep emotions and feelings of true love.
are proactive, imaginative and impartial. You can play the long game or make a quick buck. Your optimistic nature and quick-witted attitude can also be a double-edged sword, which is why you may no longer be able to afford a $2,500 hammock.
are more likely to have an unusual reaction to a situation. In fact, this horoscopes says a whole lot about what may be brewing in your life and how the situation may affect you.
will have to take on a challenge, a crucial one. You may need to undertake something that is far outside your comfort zone, in order to grow and mature.
have a life and a career that are very rewarding to you. Your independence and individuality are truly exceptional. But that independence often comes at a price to your social life.
sometimes feel a little overwhelmed by the social scene in your life, and why social obligations weigh.
are going to have a lot to enjoy tonight, but you may not be able to do it out on the town. But if you put everything on hold, the night could turn out like one of your best adventures…
are looking for a stable and secure environment as a support system for your own emotional well-being. This is especially important when you're in relationships with people who can take you down personally or for you.
are friends with a big goal for yourself to make a change in your life that will help you become more self-assured and ready to take on challenges.
are a little less likely to be happy with the things that other people expect of you. You may find yourself in a job or relationship that doesn‘t quite meet your emotional and intellectual needs—or that makes you feel inadequate.
might be a bit restless. You might want to be on the move between the moment you wake up and the minute you go to sleep. So if you have a natural desire to travel, take a trip, or fly somewhere for your bachelorette party, then this messenger is an excellent time to start planning your getaway.