Libra/Romance
will find it hard to keep your emotions restrained and your partner has little control over his or her emotional life. This is a challenging and chaotic time to be in love, but the Libran philosophy says we must find some sort of balance between the two of us
will find yourself in love with someone today—someone you met in high school or college. You‘ve only known them for a short while, but you know you belong together.
are feeling a bit of a relationship slump. You, as an attractive young man, are starting to have some feelings you don’t understand. Things haven‘t been going so hot, you know, in your personal life, even though you and your partner aren“t breaking up.
are just about ready for a romantic first date. How long have you been single? What’s the longest you‘ve been looking?
share the horoscopes of fellow Libran singles who are in a long-term relationship. In other words: you're exactly like them.
will see a lot of interesting people. You‘ll meet new friends, discover old friends and finally meet someone you feel connected to. This may not feel like love at first sight, but it”ll be something that will grow into something with time.
care more about being in love than finding good reasons to be well behaved. In fact, it says you might be a little neurotic about behaving nicely, which would be perfectly normal.
will get married in the next month and you’re bound to have a tender and fun love life. The last month of your Libran year is very important for you, because you are not in a serious relationship yet!
will enjoy your spouse and be closer to your loved one. But with that relationship comes a lot of responsibilities. You have to learn the fine points of life and love, from the basics to the most complex.
are likely to take steps toward a more assertive, independent life. You will gain self-confidence and may choose to work in private or with a friend. Your partner‘s Libran temperament will help you choose wisely, and you may rediscover the person you love.
will be more likely to be attracted to the same kind of people, but that could also mean that it will get harder and harder to find someone you’ll be compatible with, which of course can be a good thing and a bad thing, depending on your situation.
will enjoy a long, fulfilling relationship. Your Libran sex horoscopes today say that your romantic and sensual sex life will be wonderful. Meanwhile, the planets in your Lib sign will still be supportive of your physical and emotional needs.
will be feeling more spontaneous and emotional. Your love life will challenge you to see where you fit in and how you can live your passion. Romance is likely to bubble up from the depth of your being, and it may be forced upon you with some emotional force.
may find yourself in a relationship that feels as if it is burning out, or you may have to push aside those feelings for the sake of the relationship. Either way, you are likely going to feel more emotional than usual.
will have a great sense of humor and be full of fun. This Libran can bring a lot of lightness to your day. In fact, you can add a good sense to everything you do. You can also have many self-acceptances and cast it as a profession of a positive nature.
will find, in your partner, someone who is very respectful of your needs and wants. Therefore, you can take advantage of this in the way of setting boundaries. You can even remain calm and organised.
are feeling tender towards your partner and they are getting you. You are feeling romantic feelings towards them, too, and that‘s great, but you are also feeling some jealousy and possessiveness.
might be more of a flirt than a traditional lover. In fact, you’re likely to be the most popular girl in your class — even if you don‘t show it. If you have to pick a date to swipe right, it should be this week.
both will have a strong social self-confidence that will propel you into love and work partnerships that other people will envy. The Libran zodiac signs are also positive and optimistic individuals who often have their head in the clouds.
are both compatible with each other and reflect the current state of relationships in your social circle. This means that both of you will enjoy a long lasting relationship. However, you face some challenges in this regard.

Libra/Career
will make a real difference in the world. Earn the respect of your coworkers, and start to feel like you have a purpose.
are looking for a new challenge. And you'll be the life of the party. You'll open up your home to fill with guests, and invite up to seven of your closest friends. This is the perfect sign for hosting parties, but it's not the sign you'd expect to do that.
will be recognized for the work you do every day. They will start taking their cues from you and will realize that they can't always rely on their bosses to tell them how things should be done. You will impress others with the way you conduct yourself.
will go the extra mile to become successful and you’ll be self-disciplined. You may use your sense of humor to the max and take advantage of the most creative and innovative ideas.
should accept a diversity of opinions. Instead of spreading yourself too thin, you’d rather integrate the white male “center” with the diverse opinions of all the women and people of color you encounter.
want to advance your professional and personal life. You’ll do this by earning more money and making more connections.
are going to move to a new city, and that's a big change. But if you have a strong space in your mind for new experiences and new people, you'll find that these changes are easier to accept than you might think.
are likely to land a new job. You're going to love the work you do. You'll thrive under the pressure. And the pay will be great. Once you've spent four months with the company, you'll learn that they're a little different from the ones you were used to.
might start to feel like you’re alone. You are probably feeling isolated, and may even feel that the world is somehow against you. Maybe you feel lonely because you don‘t share your beliefs or your passion, maybe you find yourself doing something you are not into.
will be faced with many career challenges and obstacles. But in the end, you have to learn to withstand any challenges.
need a change of pace to keep yourself interested in your work. Is this a good thing or a bad thing? Let’s look at what your Libran career perspective shows you.
will have a strong future ahead. You also know the importance of consistent effort. It is due to you that they have been able to achieve so much.
may be more likely to protect yourself against unfair and illegal discrimination or harassment because of your work. While you are not responsible for the behavior of others, you can simply take steps to avoid being a target.
will experience many opportunities to meet and work with new people who share your values and beliefs, and who have the courage and perseverance to step into a new calling you've chosen.
have a great opportunity to pursue your passion and be the world’s best. So how do you get there?
may struggle to make new connections with people or develop new relationships. If this describes you, you might find it challenging to form new bonds with new people at work.
are eager to commence your newfound career with your dream company. You are beginning to make plans for your future and are looking forward to the growth and success that can come from working for a company that gives you the opportunity to really impact the lives of others.
have plenty of room for advancement. Furthermore, you’re a newbie who‘s yet to begin any meaningful work. This makes you a very desirable employee. So why would you choose to work for any employer?
probably won’t have any new opportunities for making money, but there will be plenty of opportunities in your family. If you‘re a twin, you get extra chances for advancing your careers.
may have a less-than-ideal day. In fact, you could have one of the worst days of your life. A Libran career day has some share of challenges, too.

Libra/Friends
are going to try your very best to be the best version of yourself. It‘s going be a tall order, but you can do it, so hold tight and look forward to a great and unexpected adventure.
will discover that being a friend is about more than just being “nice“ and being there for each other. You can confidently say you want to be there to support each others’ journeys, both good and bad.
have more than a few questions for your friend – and possibly even for the person on the astrological reading. For instance:
‘Your friend has a strong sense of humour but is not always as great a conversationalist as you are.’
might have a lot of fun with your friends who might be your soulmates. If you ever met someone who is going through the same type of love crisis you are, then you have come to the right place.
can also be a night person. Night people, such as you, are often more productive in the morning and don’t mind taking the day slowly.
are likely to be drawn to opportunities that are less likely. You may also bring opportunities on your own. If you find yourself in a situation where others seem to view you as being too controlled, too reserved, or too dependent, you could be in need of a friend.
are likely to connect with a lot of people. This is true, and I’m so happy to make friends with the kind of many who I usually drive past on the way to work.
will feel patient and kind to people but also that others' generosity is not your strong point. It is best to express yourself kindly and be a good listener, but after that it is simply a matter of just being sociable and polite.
will be as friendly as you can be with people, because, as a mythological Libran, you are associated with the sun, which makes you a perfect friend.
have an opportunity to strengthen your relationship with a friend of yours. This is an excellent opportunity for you to do just that. No matter what your connection is with that specific friend, you can open a dialogue.
are most likely to be frank and to open up to other people, especially lovers and friends. If you have a special personal friend like a partner or child, this is a good day to tell them about your Libran nature.
have the potential to forge new relationships. This is a good thing. However, while you may not have made a ton of friends during this past year, you’ll be able to dedicate more space in your life to building relationships with people.
are a very warm person, and that your warmth could be offset by an absence of intensity. So, if you notice someone getting too close to you and getting on your nerves, a long distance relationship or marriage may not be the best option (for you, or them).
will be at your best when you're in your own company. But what happens when your entire social sphere is on the line? Nothing, says Librak, as he goes about his business without a care in the world.
will quickly turn into a true friend, but also that your true friends won’t like you if you entangle yourself in people‘s problems.
are less excited by grand gestures. You are less likely to take risks with the lives of others or pursue long-term projects.
may have less of a tendency to feel jealousy and that your career may be your most important relationship in life. But it might be a bit of an exaggeration.
can also ask your friends or family members for the date of your birthday. Do not ask a stranger for your date for his/her birthday, as this will lead to trouble. However, if you are dating someone, a friend or a relative, do not hesitate.
can ask someone for a date. If the person you ask is your friend, you will get a positive response from him, and if he is not your best friend but thinks well of you, he will respond positively.

Libra/Finances
are precarious financially – you will have to save more and work hard to earn a comfortable living. Perhaps it is the recent change to the UK pound, which has weakened the value of your money.
are feeling financially secure, stable, and confident. You‘ve liked your work and feel good about it, but there”s one thing standing between you and your gainful financial future. It’s your relationship with Father God.
will do slightly better than the average American, but you will still have to work hard. You are ambitious and energetic, which helps you do what you want to do. And you have an active and sensual side that can make you a fascinating partner in a relationship.
will be the architect of the next great global economy. You have the potential to identify your own creative DNA and build your career on amazing, brave ideas. Your strengths are your ability to come up with unique strategies and your confidence to execute them.
will have an excellent time finding success. There's much to be gained when you're successful. But if you have difficulties, use your Libran to overcome them and enjoy the ride!
have low financial goals and a strong desire to be in a partnership with a compatible partner. While this word choice brings up feelings of loneliness, it also highlights how important financial security is.
could earn a profit of up to $10,000 in one day. That’s a great amount of money for someone who is looking to begin his or her career in the financial sector. One way to increase your earnings is by creating a recurring revenue stream that will pay a high rate of return.
will be able to adjust your budget and spending as needed. This is great news, because after all, you're not living paycheck to paycheck. You’re spending down your savings, and you‘re working toward your goals.
will be a lot happier with your finances in the months ahead. Your happiness is tied to the satisfaction of your least desired financial goals.
could have trouble making ends meet right now. And you can forget that financial help is on the way.
are on an exceptional high. It also says you have a lot of money, which is good news for you. But are you actually getting all of the benefits you deserve?
will be a woman of financial strength and success. But that doesn't help much when you're trying to pay for the wedding or your honeymoon.
are going to have a great time. You‘ll be getting your money‚ now it seems like an important thing. However, money is not what you should spend your time on. Rather, what you need to focus on is your health.
have a lot of space for risk taking! Perhaps you’re looking for that new business, or perhaps you want to step outside of your comfort zone. You may be considering a new venture, but then come cross a failing business.
could benefit from the financial crisis, bringing down the value of investments. That’s right, you‘re being warned that the stock market could be about to come crashing down.
are probably feeling a little more generous than usual. Perhaps you are thinking about your next holiday already, or maybe you just want to buy that couch you haven‘t had a chance to think about in years.
can open a savings account at your local branch of Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Discover, Citibank, Ally.
will likely have a lot of money to invest and will need to diversify.
have been in an ‘unhealthy’ or ’poor” situation for the last 6 months. This could be due to several factors, such as the stock market, the economy, or even your choice of career, but keep in mind that your health is also a factor.
will find yourself out of work and looking for a new job. You'll be loathe to go back to your old job, and you don’t want to take a pay cut. Instead, try to find a way to make the hours you do work more productive.

Libra/Lifestyle
may find it difficult to focus, and may have to take a short break from socializing with other people to reflect upon your relationships. 
can't quite get the hang of day-to-day living. This can be stressful, but your approach to this challenge will be aided by the fact that many other Libras are still having an easier time with day to day living than you.
are likely to be better at making friends with other Libras. The knack of making money is also likely, as you get a bonus for it today.
are going to make some money. How do you turn your life around from your current status quo? If you aren't an outright millionaire yet, there are always lots of ways to save for the very early retirement that's supposed to be waiting for you.
can be a bit less fun than usual. You may not know it yet, but you may have some drawbacks in your life that had not hit you until now. Try to find out what it is.
won´t be able to do everything by yourself in reasonable time. And so, you need to look for other people who can help you to carry out your work. That is a great opportunity to utilize your special skills.
are feeling good. You‘ll be a happy and productive individual. Seeing good in everything you do, you should be able to do wonders in life, right?
may make some small changes to your diet and increase your physical activity for better health. This is a positive sign as you don’t know what to expect from your Libran birth date.
are likely to be feeling stressed and anxious compared to other Libras. You may be experiencing short fuse or impulse control problems. This can be due to your Libray personality, and possible issues pertaining to bonding with other people.
are likely to enjoy a long, healthy, happy life, living in harmony with others. But it said you will suffer a lot. You may find yourself tired at work, while others are busy with their lives, and the house is full of the family's cellphone chargers.
may end up making compromises and trying to impress others with your work and achievements while neglecting your health and your feelings. On the other hand, you could have a stressful day.
can enjoy a family life with a view that is to the world with roses and chocolates. For instance, you are a wonderful mother who is unflagging in her attitude and patience and so are your children.
could be the person others look forward to seeing more often. Look ahead to a time when you’ll need to make the most of your talents, time off for some personal projects and opportunities to shine, a life of travel where you can meet new people.
have a wonderful sense of freedom, mobility, and independence. You can also feel confident about your future and be proud of your impressive abilities.
are likely to be very sensitive to criticism and criticism can be hurtful. The Libran sun sign also says you may be inclined to take a long-term, passive-aggressive approach to conflict with others.
are very generous with others, but that there are times when you can also be a little too generous. Fortunately, there is a way to deal with this aspect of yourself.
are aware that being generous drives up your carbon footprint. The world is getting crowded and it is important to avoid the feeling that we are constantly in competition with each other. Thus, it makes sense to travel less and to spend money on experiences.
can be a little obsessive, a bit bossy, and you have a nice but not-over-the-top tolerance for other people’s moods. You get along well with others and like to have your own space.
will have a great impact on the world if you choose to live your life in a way that is ‘radically altruistic.’ By radical altruism, you mean being a total altruist, right?
are currently in a period of significant change. A broken pattern, perhaps, or a new one, comes to an end and opens up new options. The possibilities are infinite. It’s a time for experimentation. You will learn new things about yourself and the world around you.