Scorpio/Romance
are likely to be in an emotional relationship for a while, so be prepared to shine and, when this person comes into focus, of course, you should say how you feel about them. Today’s Scorpions are lucky people who know how to say what‘s in their heart.
are in an “in-love” period, where you feel the need to discuss or get together with your partner. You may feel that the situation is not ideal, but you may also feel lucky and optimistic about the future.
are ready for a chance at love, just as your romantic partner is. Your Scorpios love and romance is one of the most intense they ever experience.
are likely to feel impulsive and adventurous. You have the ability to attract what you want, but you also have to be aware of what's around you.
interpret your life as a focused attempt to find a mate. You are looking for someone to share your love, share the journey and laugh together through life's ups and downs.
can expect to experience significant hurt when it comes to your heart and romantic relationships. Your love life may feel a bit more volatile than normal just because today is a Freaky Friday.
are opening up new relationships and getting involved with new people. You have a lot of options available to you when it comes to partners, but you will have to be selective and awesome with your choices.
may need to confront your feelings for someone new. The final decision is up to you.
are feeling the pressure to be more assertive in your relationships. You are supposed to act with conviction, not in a passive and fearful way. If you know what you want and are confident in what that feels like, you may find it difficult to put yourself out there.
will likely experience infatuation-type feelings for a few months right now. You may feel very sexual year round — and that's a sign of healthy libido — but you could also feel quite bored and unfulfilled.
will have lots of exciting adventures and chances to meet some good friends when you meet your lover. However, you may face some negative aspects too, such as a negative relationship with your mother and a niece who is now a senior in college.
are going to be ‘quite a bit” short-term obsessed with the idea of finding “somebody.“ Even if you have a few good ones lying around, you keep trying to convince yourself to ”make it happen."
can end the day with fervor, passion, and an exuberant pride of your partner. But there’s also a hidden problem here and it‘s that your partnership may be on the brink of an awesome, passionate but ultimately volatile breakup.
are totally focused on finding the perfect partner. You have developed a keen eye for detail and are also very good at finding sustainable solutions to problems.
are ready to make a lasting and significant connection with another Scorpionic. Even though you’re not exactly sure where this connection will take you, it‘s a good bet that now or later you will get the feeling that the other person is a little out of your league.
need a little extra time in the sack to make love last. Your partner wants to be ready for you the whole night, so try not to get in a snit. You need to enjoy your time together, and the longer you spend together — and trust your intuition — the more you can get out of it.
could learn more about yourself if you focus on your strengths. You'll also find that your way of thinking could be making you look at the world and the people you work with in a new light.
will enjoy the emotional frenzy of youthful love, but you're also going to get the worst case of emotional overload. The older you get, the more chances you have to feel like you need to break up with someone.
get engaged very often. You are in a relationship with your sweetie and would like to seek a good mate. This is one of the best ways to find a partner for life.
have an 8th-hour project. This is the last hurrah before you settle down, the place where you advance and start things that no one has ever done before.

Scorpio/Career
are in a good position--not to worry. You're at the best time of your life. Lucky you, Scorpios.
have a lot of positive things to look forward to. No matter what time of year it is, you’ll have the freedom to pursue your goals, whatever they may be. You‘re being offered the opportunity to make the most of your abilities in this industry.
are a high achiever. But what does the horoscopically-oriented Scorpios really mean by that?
will receive one unexpected promotion or other professional achievement that will surprise you as you take your work seriously. What's more, you are likely to be the first employee to start work under a new management team.
will make a career change of some kind. What will you do? It’s still early.
are well-suited to take on more responsibility and increase your level of competence. Your talent and ambition need to be used in the workplace, and the way in which you work at work is an important factor in your professional success.
need a team of people around you to support you in getting the right job or the correct promotion.
are like a roaring lion, but when you’re not, you can be like an old lion who is losing his strength. You‘re feeling tired, so put your feet up, relax and get some inspiration.
may be put in a position where you have a lot of work and no time to do it. Yes, there is work to be done. But you will need to focus on that one project. No matter what is competing for your time, you need it all.
have much more to teach than you realize. You are about to turn a corner in your life as your Scorpioses won't allow you to see what lies ahead of you.
are one of the people who are the first to see big change coming in your life. Meanwhile, you have the IQ of a sponge. This means that one day you might even see a huge, full-blown thing coming to you that impacts your work and your personal life at a time when you least expect it.
may meet up with someone who may help you break through to the highest levels of success. This Scorpionic Career Prophecy says you will hold a key position at a company which will help to build your new career.
are in an excellent position to get ahead and to make your mark in your chosen career field. You're likely to be promoted very rapidly given your outstanding potential, and you'll be well received by your peers.
are generally happy, energetic, and open. You make great use of your extensive knowledge and put people at ease with your unassuming demeanor. Some people are drawn to you and can sense your warmth so even when they don't like you, they are willing to work with you.
have to work hard and long. You have a tendency to be impatient, preferring quick results and great results. This is a difficult time in your life, needing to balance your work and personal life.
are really asking yourself what it means to be an adult. You‘ve climbed out of the grove and now you can step into the sun!
could be a major player in the entertainment business. Scorpios are often compared to extraterrestrials—they are thought to be able to hear thoughts and even speak to others without words. And they are very good at creating and manipulating dreams.
will have a lot of opportunities to prove your worth in an ever-changing, highly competitive environment.
could find yourself at a leading edge of an emerging technology, or you could help to reshape an industry. There could be an exciting opening for you in a new management position. Or you may strike out on your own with a different kind of career path.
are a little more cynical and skeptical of certain people's motives. The thinking behind this is that your Scorpionic nature will allow you to find lies and deception even in the most persuasive of situations.

Scorpio/Friends
will experience significant challenges in your work and social life. This is a time when you may find it difficult to establish new friendships. Your decision-making ability will be tested, since other people's opinions are so important today.
will conflict with at least one of your friends. You've all had your ups and downs as friends, but you've also had some wild times together too.
can be too dramatic. And your partnership horoscopes says you're the kind of partner who tends to get the last word.
will have powerful all-too-human needs for acceptance, affection, and security. All of these needs will be met by friends and family, but you could still be lonely at times.
are blessed with an unusual level of self-awareness that helps you to understand your own needs. You have a strong sense of yourself and the world around you.
won’t need a New Year‘s resolution, as it indicates that there will be no challenges to overcome. However, you should keep your eyes on the social trends. If you want to make new friends so that the fraternization in your horoscopes become stronger, then take action.
have opportunities to be your very best friend. It is a great time to build your close relationship with your friend, and to take steps to leave a legacy of lasting friendship.
will be kind to yourself today and not get bogged down with your work. Friends are with you during all times that life allows your friendships to develop.
will get along well with your friends. You have a very good manner inside and you know how to listen to your thoughts. They like your optimistic and optimistic sections, and this means that once you have been in their presence, they can be very helpful.
and your Gemini friend are a match made in heaven: Scorpio and Gemini love each other, as much as blood and thunder do (No. 8).
are a proactive kind of guy. You're very astute and quick on your feet. Yet you sometimes catch things on the chin in your personal life. And you wouldn't be so quick to accuse anyone of being a cold-blooded killer if you could look past that moment.
will be able to open your heart to others and you can be vulnerable. Your relationship is a good one and everyone will appreciate your sensitivity. When it comes to passion, you are a natural.
will be turning up to work with a friend who you can trust and count on, and that this will help you to be successful. This is truly a good thing for you, as a friendship that is based on trust is a powerful one.
will be able to dissolve tensions that have risen between you and your friend. It is important that the friendship between the two of you is as close as possible. The two may not be business partners, but you may be best friends, and that's important.
have a great amount of communication and your opinions are often sought. This is a good sign for a lasting relationship.
are a very intuitive person, and this is a great quality when it comes to understanding your conscious self.
may have to make some difficult decisions. Your goal today is to do everything you can to help work with your friends to accomplish their goals and to stay on good terms. But make sure you don’t fall into the trap of being too positive about the relationship. Remember: Scorpios are rarely the best match for others.
are likely to be a little less contentious. In fact, you might even be able to agree with everybody!
are likely to make a new friend. Scorpios are not known for being shy, especially when it comes to making new friends. They enjoy making friends with anyone, and a good trait to have is patience.
are an introvert and love getting to know people. You want to feel at ease in groups of people and may not enjoy socializing with strangers. In fact, although you may spend a lot of time with others, you're not as outgoing as you would like to be.

Scorpio/Finances
are looking for a new partner with a net worth of $50 or more. How much do you need to make in order to finally get the relationship you deserve?
will be very successful at performing your work duties, but you should keep a thoughtful watch on expenses. Most likely, you’ll be able to avoid the most costly mistakes by making a few budget tweaks.
need to be extra careful with your money. You know that the things you do have an impact on your life. So you want to make sure your spending is not going to cause problems in your long-term financial future.
end up making the most of your money. You will be very generous, yet just a little lucky with your finances.
are feeling a little more nervous than usual. You‘ve been put on a spending budget that”s a bit more stringent than what you had in place before.
may have good luck financially, but that luck won't remain so forever, unless you change your behavior and habits. As you wait to see what will happen next, you have a chart that suggests that your luck may be in decline.
may be dealing with the two major keys to successful long-term success: You have to make money and you have plenty of it.
have a great career path ahead of you. You have the leadership qualities required for leadership success. Your most important leadership asset is your ability to deal with people. To reach your full potential in your career, you need to take on more responsibilities.
are feeling financially stretched at the moment. You are in a position where you could experience some stress in the short time frame of today. This is due to the fact that your father, whom you consider financially stable, has a sudden problem in his life right now.
are likely to feel some "investment panic" and this is likely going to affect you more than other people on the planet because they have not had the same issues.
should be quite happy as long as you live in a world where you can enjoy everything you want to enjoy.
are giving more than you originally took in. Perhaps you don't know how to deal with new money, or you want to make up for some lost income because of a holiday. Whatever the reason, this is an important day on your money path.
have the best financial attitude of any new Scorpion born this year. This is a great advantage, since the traditional reason for a new baby is that it came into the world with the worst possible financial outlook.
have an above average income and are optimistic about your future. You also have a couple of factors that will help you: you are single and have no children, you own a great house, and the stars are on your side.
will be a leader. Your first step will then be to seek confidentially from your boss and ask for a raise.
are more likely to struggle financially than any other constellation, with financial problems that begin in the form of a low credit score, debt or overdrafts, and debts that remain unpaid.
could experience some loss of self-confidence due to the unexpected loss last week of your job and your current financial situation.
are likely to spend a lot less than your income. Your horoscopes foretell that there will be no need to save, but that it’s likely that some of your spending will go into savings for the future.
will be good at making wise financial decisions through the use of your intuition. You’re good with numbers, however, and you‘r re good if you are willing to negotiate.
are not likely to get rich overnight. You‘re going to have to earn your dough to avoid having it disappear before you know it.

Scorpio/Lifestyle
should enjoy performing your daily chores. This could mean that your boss is looking for a good worker or that a friend of yours is struggling to get a promotion.
are a leader and also a very popular person. You have to be careful about your personal life and cannot afford to make a careless mistake. Your work is more important than your private life, which is why your Scorpionic horoscopes show that your career is a worthy venture.
have the potential for many trips to the gym. Today’s Scorpions love the outdoors, so you‘ll be able to get out and explore new places with your friends.
will enjoy long and happy days. Your career will be a major success. You will have many interesting and satisfying experiences. But that’s not all! You‘ll also enjoy a lifetime of love and romance.
are in tune with your emotions and receptive to new ideas. However, you also have some kind of nagging feeling that something is missing in your life.
are likely to have a day of resistance. It also says, well, you’re going to feel some very intense emotions on this day, and you need to let them out. You are a deep, sensitive creature who needs deep and honest comfort.
are sharing space with three people you dislike, although I can't tell who they are. They've all got a point, though – this is a relationship that is really affecting you.
are putting a lot of energy into relationships. Don't be confused about what this means, however. The subtle shift in your sign means that Scorpios are getting bogged down in love. This is a sign that decides to focus on someone for the duration of the relationship.
are usually quite a bit too busy to take a moment to actually live in the moment. In the past, you have been a little too comfortable with your “non-living life” and now you’re ready to make a change. You have spent your entire life working, so you must have some work to do.
are going to have a tough time getting enough sleep. On the surface, that's not surprising. After all, you could be up to 49 hours of sleep a night right now. But, for Scorpios, it's more than that.
are having "the time of your life" and that "laissez-faire" is the best way to live. That's probably because you're enjoying your social life and having a good time, but you still need to pay attention to your finances.
are a bit more adventurous than your peers. Taking on new challenges, and staying true to your morals, means that life will be great for you.But there are some challenging transitions that will come along, too.
will enjoy the natural benefits of a long and happy life. But when it comes to marking out your own life”—the one that gives you the most happiness and fulfillment — you‘re probably not quite sure what to do.
will be doing a lot of pleasurable and relaxing things. Scorpios are known for being driven and focussed, even when they're not working, and that's exactly what you should be right now.
will do things differently. You have a high degree of zodiac signs sensitivity and intuition, which leads you to enjoy some level of spontaneity and freedom. The way you deal with relationships is very much influenced by your personal choices, attitudes and personality.
need to be open to new experiences, adventurous and independent. You might be feeling a bit restless at the moment.
will have plenty of opportunities to expand your social network and make new friends. But you could also be restricted by the kind of people you bring into your life.
will be born into a relationship that is far from perfect. The fact that your parents are unable to make it work is troubling. There is a chance that they may not be happy with your choices, which may result in a significant amount of conflict.
have a tendency to be a bit of a firebrand, and this can get you in trouble, so you set your expectations high, becaus
are likely to notice the presence of constellations that haven't been seen in many years, possibly for many generations.
