Sagittarius/Romance
probably won’t be able to resist falling in love again. But, as a child, you might have learnt about the “rules” of courtship and seduction.
are ready to try something new. If you are an adventurous spirit, take a creative approach to planning your wedding. A Sag is usually spontaneous and spontaneous is how you should plan your big day.
are most likely to be the most spontaneous person on the planet! You are full of ideas, you love to travel and you like to say "yes" when asked. And if you can't get enough of yourself, the fun doesn't stop there.
are going to thrive. You‘re not going through the turbulent emotions of the last few months, and you have the support of parents and loved ones to give you the strength to navigate the challenges ahead.
and your partner need to be on the lookout for subtle signs that your relationship is getting close to a permanent arrangement.
may experience a little love and romance, but you'll also be feeling some of the elements of conflict that have been in the news in recent months. In fact, conflict can be a theme of your romantic horoscopes.
are really good with your hands, and also that your soul is really in tune with the way you choose to live. On the other hand, you may be a little hard on yourself today.
might meet someone new. That is no surprise, as around one billion people are out there in the world, ready to bond with you.
will meet someone special. You will want to find out who this person is, but you'll probably need to do some investigating to uncover the truth.
will be in a romance mood. You are beginning a fresh relationship. There’s a good chance that your friends will want to be your boyfriend or girlfriend, and you may be encouraged or even forced to go steady.
are going to meet someone you like. Good luck with it. “Do not look too deeply into this issue. For if you do, you will realize that I am not what you think.”
have a strong emotional center, and you tend to be very sensitive to the feelings or reactions of others. You’re outspoken, but this often manifests itself in a negative way. If you‘re not careful, you may start a fight or two.
meet someone who is either your soul mate or your spirit guide. If you find someone to be your life partner, that person is therefore a spiritual soulmate with whom you would like to share your entire life.
may want to focus on "finding the love of your life." You're probably feeling the need to unite with someone. But which one? Dating fails the Sag. You have the mindset to find your soul mate, or at least make sure you're speaking to a soul.
you find yourself bouncing from one potential mate to another, employing the ever-popular. It's sad that your partner would leave you for another Sag.
may be feeling a little unsure of yourself. This affectation of the horoscopes is meant to give people a bad name, but in this case some people couldn’t care less. They simply love to find out when they‘re being put on the spot.
have a chance to find understanding in someone else's chaos. But that understanding is a fragile thing.
fall in love easily, but you are shy with the opposite sex. Love, romance, and communication are all possible with a romantic partner, though not always. You could find the right one.
might be tempted to feel guilty for having a good time in the company of your beloved, especially if you have to go back to work. This is not a sign of weakness, but of strength. The best thing to do is to enjoy being with your partner as much as possible.
will be a very active person. Do you really need to be arguing with your partner every night to feel alive? No, just enjoy being together – just don't go overboard on mushy love songs and heavy petting. Maintaining your equilibrium is a worthy goal in itself.

Sagittarius/Career
will be in the spotlight. You may feel pushed into a position to make a name for yourself. Above all else, you should be prepared to do whatever it takes to succeed in your chosen career.
are ready to take the next step in your evolution. You will be opening up a great new chapter in the new year. And you’ll be doing it with a lot of enthusiasm and a good dose of new-found optimism.
need to know that there will, indeed, be new exciting, fulfilling opportunities for you. This is because you haven‘t been in touch with your true love for some time. As of now, there are no more chances
will be working hard, but enjoying yourself. You‘ll have more time for hobbies and other activities—especially at the weekend. Morning routines are a little more difficult, since you need all your concentration at work.
are feeling pretty good about your opportunities. You have your work, but you have to be vigilant about how you use it.
may be in luck finding meaning in your work. Jobs that require you to have a particular skill are likely to be a good fit. No need to worry if you don’t have the right skills. Even if your skill is not a great fit, you will find meaning and purpose in it.
are likely to feel a little overwhelmed at work. Although the world is changing as we speak, there are many opportunities for you to be involved in some project that brings both fulfillment and enjoyment in your life.
will have the chance to capitalize on a major breakthrough. You‘ll find that the timing is right to take advantage of this opportunity. However, you might find you need to be more selective in your endeavors, due to negative aspects.
are likely to be under a lot of pressure, which might not help you performance in the office. You might have a good idea to start working on your work, but you need to find the best time to do it. And you might need some money.
may feel anxious about leaving your job, and have been feeling a bit down since your last promotion. But remember that even if you leave your workplace, other people will notice your positive changes and will admire you.
have the gifts to make a powerful impact in the world. And it‘s time to use them. Years ago, you were seemingly on a collision course with the limits of your age. Now, the path has opened up. You’ve made your biggest moves
are likely to have a busy year ahead. But you have the ability to focus on the moment, and that can help you out in your professional life. From all the way back in high school through your adult life, you've been a real team player.
are looking to make a great impression. In a short time, you'll have to show your superiors that they count.
will be the centre of attention among your extended family. However, you may find that your family is more interested in supporting you rather than focusing on other members of the family who may feel left out.
are likely to enjoy your work, but you will be pushed to focus on it and to come up with ways to make it better. You’re likely enjoy video games and will bring your video game skills to your job in some way.
could be taking a leadership role in humanitarian issues around the world. If you're in the mood, you can direct your energies to areas where you've been involved in work that's benefitted others.
may hold onto your job for a while longer, to see how long you can keep the old job.
might as well leave the office early today, get that parking space toward the back, and get started on some serious home improvement projects.
don't have to put much effort into your work. People just tend to expect you to be a certain way. When your job is to help people create their dreams, that's pretty much all you're going to do.
are in a strong position to set your life on course with the decisions you make today. The Sag warriors are not entirely out of the woods yet, because they‘re still feeling the effects of being emotionally and mentally exhausted.

Sagittarius/Friends
enjoy a challenging, intimate relationship, and that your partner will be your best friend. Your partner's astrology will give you both a lot to live for, even if you have to partially live on your own.
lose a particular sense of intimacy and emotional connection at an age when other people are falling for your charms. You might be too naive to appreciate that this is a consequence of the challenge that your initiator personality throws up for you.
will wake up feeling a bit restless. It's likely you're feeling the pull of socializing and sharing the spotlight, as well as the need to be with other people. Perhaps you feel like you want to just relax — a little too much!
are likely to be thinking about your friend‘s problems. People with Sagittarius are not easily fooled. They’re aware that they’re receiving an inside scoop on a friend.
might need your friends a little more than usual to get through the next few weeks and months.
are making new friends in your life right now. In recent years, you have been on the receiving end of a number of gifts that have become a part of your daily life. Now, just as you welcome your friends into your circle, please be willing to accept a few gifts.
are an ‘enthusiastic’ person who makes new friends easily. With that said, I‘ve been asking my astrology reading for the past few minutes if I should approach you this evening.
are very close to your best friend. But you may be feeling a little jealous of the more outgoing Gemini in your life. The two of you have so much to talk about.
can receive information from the outside world in a way that is not consciously controlled. In fact, it may even be positive. As you read in the first sentence, “Today is a perfect day to look into the futility of life’s many problems, and find solutions.”
may find yourself feeling more comfortable around people than you did yesterday. This means that now may be a good time for you to make some friends — but on exactly what terms?
have many of the qualities of a sage. However, you are not a true sage, for you’re very impatient. You want to know everything, and anything before you, as you will rush into doing things you don‘t really want.12
are headed for some serious hangover the next few days. That doesn't mean it's all bad, though. Instead, you may just get to hang out with an endless supply of beautiful people who inspire you and keep you going. If so, then enjoy this week, Sag.
will benefit from the good relationship status. After two miscarriages, you have a strong relationship with your mother. However, that strong bond will start to deteriorate if you get into any kind of conflict.
are a little bit of a loner, a bit shy, and a lot of Mr. Nice Guy, so be careful what you say and do if you’re out with friends.
might get to know someone who will be a "big help to you in the coming year." You might do some work that is important for you. For example, you could discover a secret that could benefit someone you know. You could become interested in a new hobby or movement.
have the potential to be playful and spontaneous. The actual depth of that potential will be revealed only when you are allowed to really be yourself, and that is easier said than done.
can be careless and flippant about plans and promises. You may even say things like "I don't care if I hurt someone's feelings" and "It doesn't matter to me anyway" when you say something you really mean.
will be a loyal friend. You‘ll also be an active helpmate, providing support to others every day. On your birthday, you may be able to help combat a problem with an old friend or even a loved one.
may be vulnerable to membership in mixed-ability cliques. This is a party in which people who are in your same gender, or who belong to the same ethnic or cultural group, and other people.
will have difficulty getting along with someone and will probably not understand why.

Sagittarius/Finances
may have a high level of stress about money. And there’s good reason for that as well.
are ready to take on a new challenge. This can be a big one such as buying a home or starting a business.
will be particularly focused on money matters in the coming weeks but that your energy is going to be more about your career. The astrology also indicates that although you are not planning to prioritise social media, you could use it to your advantage.
are in the best financial position to save, invest and spend. But, this is a financial sign that is about money more than anything else. Money is the primary driver of your life and how you spend it is how much you save.
a're a bit cynical and that money is an ongoing struggle. But your actions today can help you make the most of your money and improve your circumstances. You'll meet with one of the people most important to you.
will make good financial decisions and will be financially on top of your game. You‘ll be happy about money, but if you feel as though you can“stand on your own two feet,” then it'll go to your head.
know what you want, but you can't get it. The reason is that most people these days are just waiting for someone else to take charge, and then they get angry when they aren't given what they want. You can spot a phony when you see them.
might want to take a loan to buy a car, but this should be done cautiously. You might think that it would be great to help out your parents financially, given their medical situation. But you should take your time and think things through, before deciding to do it.
are in charge of your money. That means you can use it to create a life of beauty.
are methodical, practical and steady in your approach to making money. But there is much that is unknown about how you make it and how much you can earn.
can expect a good year in the coming New Year. There is a message here for you: the good times can only last so long.
are experiencing a period of serious financial stress and that your finances are not in the best shape. This is a moment to check and re-check your priorities.
are facing a busy time. As well as the usual hustle of getting and spending, there's a tricky psychological challenge facing you: you may be more likely to get into financial trouble than your fellow Scorpios. You may want to avoid this bad habit.
are likely to come to your senses and put other people before yourself. But you should feel fortunate today because coming to a decision about your future is likely your easiest act of self-actualisation in the past year.
are ready for a change. With the release of the Fed‘s Open Market Committee‟s “Inflation Report”, the chart shows you as a group of five people who will be nervous in the coming week. Tonight you have a good chance to pick up upbeat news.
are free to spend your cash however you wish. You have no commitments to make, so you can afford to splurge on whatever you like. But you also have to be sure that it is something you really need. If you're not sure, ask your partner, who will probably know the answer.
are likely to make money long-term, in the form of high-yield investments. But while you have the "diamonds in your crown," there's still a lot you need to know about going into a foreign exchange trade.
are going to be amazing at getting financial rewards. In the last two weeks, you have gotten a great deal on the house, bought two new suits, and even found a job. It seems like you are doing so well that the universe just can‘t get enough of you.
will soon experience a period of growth and expansion. Your new role of financial manager will give you the opportunity to overcome old financial patterns and to make more money as a result.
are about to leave the nest. Not just any nest, mind you. The one you’ve made for yourself.

Sagittarius/Lifestyle
are a dynamic, successful and intelligent person and that your relationships and career matches your current stage in life. "The greatest obstacle to success is to have an appreciation of the obstacles." —Confucius
are ready to get truly involved in new projects that will shake up the world. Your enthusiasm is being fueled by your relationships with your friends and family.
will experience long-term financial success. However, due to the solar plexus chakra flowing through your body today, you are not likely to have the financial security that most Sagittarians enjoy.
have got a lot of days ahead full of opportunities. I call it your “Wiggle.” In the past week, you got some major opportunities to deal with, which could lead to career changes, changes in family life, and even changes to your home.
are ready to make the most of your opportunities. You have already reached your peak performance years, which is why it does no good to rest on your laurels.
may be a little more prone to heartache than usual. But don’t fret. The heart is a delicate organ, and nothing you can do is going to hurt it. Fortunately, the very best thing you could do to prevent being hurt by heartbreak is to take the time to see a medical professional.
will be happy at work. You can find someone you like and enjoy being around, as well as your boss. But if you aren’t happy, you need to make sure that your happiness is not dependent on your work circumstances.
are very social, but also at risk of becoming a loner. Reading your horoscopes can help you to determine whether this is true for you.
are a rational thinker. This is a particularly useful characteristic, since you can wield facts and figures to your advantage in your career. You make decisions quickly and confidently because you’ve studied the problem thoroughly, and you know the facts.
will have to work hard to make money from now on, as you set out to meet your financial goals.
enjoy living in the moment. You have a tendency to be slow to react, but aren't really slow at all, just the opposite. New ideas and initiatives you've started are likely to get better as time goes on, and you're likely also to see more successes.
may find it hard to make friends. Friends are important part of the Sagittal universe, no doubt, but you will try to do a lot of things on your own. You may feel lonely sometimes, particularly when you are around people you know, feel that they are very close, and so on.
have a tendency to be too busy, which can mean that your focus can become distracted. The next few weeks, you will have an opportunity to make that focus stronger by being more deliberate about the things that demand your attention.
will be more generous and open to new pleasures. You may also have to give more time to your spiritual side.
are preoccupied by your thoughts. You like to think about everything. And it's a good thing you do.
are most likely to fall in love at a party, be the life of the party through a major celebration, volunteer at the local animal shelter, or go out of your way to make someone else happy.
will be living in a world of intense mental stimulation. You'll meet with incredible people in your travels, and the emotional intensity of the journey will make you feel exhilarating.
would be the first to have the courage to make a bold move. Your star sign now aligns with your mental-emotional well-being. You have a strong desire to be your own boss and to succeed without any obstacles.
will have the freedom to a huge degree. You can make your own plans, do whatever you want and enjoy every second of life. However, there is a problem in your life, and it is something that will bring about stress in you.
are likely to feel great and relax when you go out to a party. Your zodiac sign is also a fire sign, which means that anyone who has your luck is likely the most determined to succeed.